Sure , it 's ok , but I always have let the guy ask me .
Hmmm , I 'm a guy suffering from verbal abuse from my wife .
You will have more friends that you want . ; )
It 's nice , you get to see pictures of who you are talking to !
I NEED TO KNOW WHAT 2 DO
Love ME LOVE ME OH DEAR GOD LOVE ME !
It would not be a word , it would be me singing operah .
I like my life with the exception of her yelling and cussing .
I know how that is .
Does he have a fave sports team ?
No why he will just do it over and over some more while you are gone .
Well the best way is to say look this is not working out i am not into this anymore .
No sista , i don tink so .
Then kiss her ; ) works every time bro ! ! ! !
Women mature way faster than men and some men never mature .
And ever since then i never bought her another gift .
And if you really want you can attend her classes with her .
You will not until you pick to be wealthy and powerful .
Do Not beg for love do not beg for money and do not beg for respect .
But you will DEFINALTELY know when you are in love !
Just DO N'T BASE YOUR RELATIONSHIP ON MONEY OR MATERIAL THINGS .
If someone asked this : How can I get my boyfriend to notice me ?
I ca n't sign in at the chatroom
You just live with a friend , and i call that friend with rights .
That trying to change yourself . unless you  are really screwed up . but the question does n't really give us much to go on
I cannot read his mind but sometime we just like to watch .
Go to france and hear for yourself .
She knew my ex was married .
Do n't care about what people say .
Well good luck whatever you do .
As long as your not my wife . it 's fine with me . lol .
Because you are still in middle school i do not suggest dating someone in high school .
If that does n't work try someone else .
Tell him you are getting fired if he calls one more time
Then a guy got involoved and changed everything !
There 's just one of me , but I 'm willing if the 4 of you are !
First , they are not BORN that way , no matter what anyone tries to say .
Try a different kind of girl .
This girl and i cross a few lines here and there .
If you really love him then yes .
Dump him as soon as possible its the only thing you can do do not be stupid and keep him
I learned to love myself something i had never done before .
I go to an all guys school and i have been having trouble meeting girls .
3_again do n't rush and use words . talk .
You should be playing with dolls
Well . Do you talk to that someone much ?
Is that considered double dating ? even though no level of commitment with the platonic girl fried
Its not the size of the boob but rather how well one can carry her boobs that is attractive .
All you got to do is ring her bell ! ! !
Yes , well i guess it depends on the vows .
Maybe you ` should be asking where are the stds in Ks .
Meaning that you do not need to make her as your enemy any more .
Then ask her to the next school dance or maybe to see a movie ?
Something going on with your friend or hers ?
But , do not get me wrong do not be a doormat and take the submisive route either . find some middle ground !
Might not work too well if you  are a real wuss though and end up more scared than she is .
I guess that depends on if her and her husband are swingers .
She wants fun that is y she has affair with you. do not get serious with her .
Just say that you just want to be friends for now .
Because they  are just doing their job !
Get out now while you can
Yes if they are sexually addicted to it , but then i would say go to a sex coucenlor .
Personally , i think young guys ( over 25 ) are hot !
Because boys are not mature enough to know what they want are know what they have .
5 ' 135 lbs sounds about perfect to me .
Oh , Honey , please see a counselor !
If so , I would n't be surprised if he cheats again .
If went with her abviously he did not care , its not all her fault .
If she hase n't bought it up there is no need to talk about it .
You could try to check there 1st .
If you want one for you maybe you should try Yahoo Personals , should n't you ?
First off you got ta be nice to them and just wait on them .
Do n't hide anything frm him.go ahead and talk to him .
The same things that you look for in a guy .
Girls who ask guys out are ten times more successful than girls who do n't .
So simpleman fell in love 1 time with his wife and that is real love what he said
Do n't retaliate - you should n't drop to her level .
Cafes/coffee houses ; the mall ( last resort ) i guess it depends on what kind of girl you  are looking for .
He will like anything you give him , if he really loves you ! !
I 'm a prude , so I 'm going to say marriage .
I , for one , am not like that .
Just LOVE THEM THE WAY THEY ARE .
I married too many times for love . depends on how much money we are talking.lol
Mad props to you dude . very nicely done . she  will definitely love it .
His dad , meanwhile , is obsessing over this girl .
Fisrt off , that is not a friend .
Hope You can answer me !
My other friends agree with me as well .
But I say love whoever you love and do n't even make race a factor .
Please do n't go any further with this guy .
Talk about 'the time when we . ' or 'that one time when we . ' .
Any ideas where i could go to meet them ?
If you really like her go with the group .
Nine Inch Nails - -Closer the sexiest song on the entire planet
Whatever they accuse you of they are doing it .
Other than that , just be yourself !
Do be funny and a little cocky .
Simply tell him Hey I do n't like you like that , just let go .
Just see it like that then forget about him or her .
Women WANT A MAN WHO WILL NEVER CHEAT ON THEM .
Something to look at or play with
My Dress was long with a 15 foot train !
All you have to do is comunicate and be yourself and you will be happy
When you started to think that right . that time it self you . you are self got the answer which is wroung .
I got hurt pretty bad last time so it is just me .
Call him & talk to him about it .
YOU  will almost never find a guy that likes you for you and not because you like him .
Just tell them you love them very much
It would have to be someone that I know .
She do not feel the same bout you . let it go . do you even know ? . talk to her
Now do n't let the other person read it .
2. make sure the bestfriend would n't have a problem with it ( obviously ) .
I heard that it does n't really matters what matters is if you nkow how to use it
Go FOR A GUY THAT YOU THINK IS HOT , BEAUTY IS IN THE EYE OF THE BEHOLDER !
It 's not as bad as everyone makes it sound .
Sleep with them , you will like each other better
And you probably should not have a GF
Yes and no , it matters because of comfortabilty and maybe psychological reasons for men , just guessing there .
Maybe you can relive that , then kick it up a notch .
Being in love does n't hurt at all , losing love does though .
My bbf had many reasons why she did n't like my b/f .
If i were in your shoes i would buy him something he likes.sweatshirt or something like this .
Get together with your friends and have fun ! ! ! ! !
Yes , b/c there is a reason why you proposed , so she should be worth the re think .
And if you need help ask him for i think he  would rather help than get yelled at and stuff .
The BEST WAY TO DO SOMETHING LIKE THIS IS TO JUST SAY IT .
Someone who can take care of us in the long run men are big babies
Compliment her boobs , girls love that ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
There for you guys just do n't notice that we poop !
Very untraditional , I do n't like the thought . but ofcourse it 's okay .
I ONLY CAN SPEAK FOR MY SELF , I 'M A FUN-LOVING GUY .
Think about what you want from a wife
So maybe you should try it .
You can find people online , or where you live .
Get it out in the open baby ! !
Try craigslist.com they have tons of chat rooms for Seattle
That is nonthreatining and she maybe shier that you know !
No , because he is going out with Katie Cassidy I LOVE JESSE TOO ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
No , maybe you can buy a nice warm blanket , to keep you warm .
- good listener - a good friend wo n't hurt your feelings .
If he 's a good guy , who cares about his color ?
Alternatively , you could just find a new best friend - there are plenty out there .
I do not konw if it is possible .
No different between ages if the mind is near to eachother
Gim me a hand here girls ; plz .
Hope you like my ideas !
Sms If you still ca n't contact , 5 .
If you like him ask him out and spend more time with him
But trust your inner voice and do what you feel you have to !
Show up on her doorstep and be like Listen here bitch !
Husbands JUST CAN get it UP AS FAST AS A YOUNG GOOD LOOKING TEEN > THAT IS WHY
You give me power , you give me reason So will you love me ?
Plus its not only the age thing hes white and i am blk .
There 's more to love than saying i love you .
That is just my gut feeling .
You give me power , you give me reason So will you love me ?
Plus its not only the age thing hes white and i am blk .
There 's more to love than saying i love you .
What do YOU do if * I * love a girl on the internet ?
That is just my gut feeling .
If she is happy than do n't allow jealousy to rear it 's ugly little head .
No , I always end up with lumberjack !
Its becuase they love each other .
Maybe if you knew how he broke up with his daughters mother .
Then you go and find another girl , what the heck , there are thousands ! ! ! !
Should i trust this jerk or leave him ?
Why BUY THE COW IF THE MILK IS FREE ! ! !
If the pipe game is serious hell yeah but just do n't get pregnet ! ! ! !
No , your are no a nice person to be with .
So it be first time or the 100 time use protection !
As I said before , finding that special person just happens , you ca n't plan it !
If there is one thing girls like , it is a man who spells nice .
Ps- Look at my question , I posted I need help , too .
Mature men could care less if their girlfriends are virgins or not .
Well IT COULD BE A TRUST THING MY MOTHER IS LIKE THAT WEN MY STEP DAD GOES AWAY .
He has a baby . let him work things out with his woman .
Its ok your just waiting for the right person or you do not trust people that well
I Am kind of stuck in the middle !
Because a guy will lie , cheat and steal to get you in bed . that is why
He has a baby . let him work things out with his woman .
Its ok your just waiting for the right person or you do not trust people that well
First off . how is it that he did not have a choice ? ?
I Am kind of stuck in the middle !
Because a guy will lie , cheat and steal to get you in bed . that is why
That 's if you still care !
To me Love is Gotham City
My question is that , I am just cutting the girls away from me .
You ARE NOT INLOVE YOU JUST NEEDED A FRIEND
If she says you know i do then forget it
He was an extrovert and i the introvert .
You have nothing to loose anyway since by planning this your already going to hell .
But there is always the right person for you out there
YOU r in the right place right now .
I 'm a butt man myself , so shake it like a polaroid picture !
He was an extrovert and i the introvert .
You have nothing to loose anyway since by planning this your already going to hell .
But there is always the right person for you out there
YOU r in the right place right now .
I Am crazy but i have got ta leave you
And i am assuming that you mean Amarican .
I could be that she/he just want to have something , some fun or .
( a tear came out of his eye when he said that . )
I think that men a more creative and i guess women too .
Ask him and see what he says .
Ask him if he likes you plain out .
She do not like nice usual guys and we cannot lock her up in the house
Oh NO , No No it will NOT hurt you in that time .
Keep your eyes open , but love him anyway .
A heady cocktail that girls find irresistible !
( i love your questions by the way , give me more to answer , lol )
Does she feel the same way ? ?
That Is when your underwear gets sucked up by your crack
Yeah , they can say it back , but those are only words .
I do not want to date anyone else . Should I just be patient ?
Ask him . that is the best way but is there signs ?
I honestly do n't believe in chat-up lines - just be yourself .
Listen to the XXX soundtrack # 10
Why ca n't he just sit and hear me out .
If you fail , then ask her again and again and again .
He has to love it and want it to be worked on .
Are you looking for bad girls or a nice girls ?
Because the destiny of the human been is to ask until death !
And it might not be a bad idea to get some counselling .
He would really like it if you kissed him on his .
Because you do n't look that good .
Dump her , she is probly useing YOU
You will make someone happy - for a whole day .
You would not like it one bit and probably blow a gasket over it .
If you find something 'nice ' or 'pretty ' or something upsets you - tell her .
Do you hesitate to talk to them ?
You always want what you ca n't have .
But I 'm still in love with him .
Loosen her up and then see what happens .
I looked at girls that i liked funny just to throw them off .
Also balance , what is also sexy getting the rent payed .
It goes back to caveman days .
Why in the world would jesse want to date you , that is a stupid question
Will a wink and some flirting help ?
Cut off ties 100 % and out of sight , out of mind .
I met my husband online and he is n't a serial killer , at least not that I know of : )
Hangout with the girl for awhile .
I 'm telling you - they are out there !
To CHERISH THEM AND LOVE THEM FOREVER .
Honey let me tell you what i know i met my boy friend ted carter and be happy
Sorry , but i do n't think she  will be faithful
First of all why was the house a mess anyway ?
If she 's not , she wo n't even think about getting a goodbye kiss .
Few weeks like about 3 or 4 but sometims it takes you MONTHS
And they start screaming that all you do is harp about money , you 've got a problem .
Yes , well it took me sometime but I got over it once I went to the strip club .
Definitely - we just do n't make as big of a deal about it as guys .
A marriage proposal or a ring
Good Luck hope things work out for you
Curious as to the type of guy turns a woman on .
Just give old ' Mom a break and let her have her fun .
And he cannot just pick the women he wants to be with like the large membered men .
Maybe she is not ready for something as big as marriage .
Stay with girls your own age .
Then ask her how her day is going .
Just keep looking , it will happen .
I do not see what the big deal is .
And dun have money . you will feel good wit you are self.love dun cost a thing
You do n't know what a full figure woman is ?
Maybe the sex just sucks , go look one up and ask them .
Sounds like domestic violence to me .
I myself am not gay , i was just wondering what your imput is .
( I do not want to hurt their feelings ) thanks
A card that says Merry Christmas P.S .
He needs to earn you are trust and respect .
My last choice would be something like full length , thick , long pajamas .
People become mature at different ages , and some never do .
Do Not just get a easyer chick ; )
No problem if he likes you too !
Call her later that day and THEN kiss her .
Get the message do not call again !
Who 's going to arrest ya for asking a dude out ?
Do n't talk about work or boring stuff .
YOU GET DEPRESSED AT SOME TIMES YOU FEEL LIKE YOU CANNOT DO NOTHING JUST LET IT GO PAST .
Take her out to dinner or something
You know the things I mean -observe & learn & apply .
But when the getting is n't getting good anymore is it goodbye ?
Or are you looking for someone else to make it that way for you .
I do n't know , but to me you sound like a desprate LOSER that is in need for some sex ! ! ! !
And i was not sure if i was .
Yes there is but you have to go through a couple bad ones first
You NEVER HAPPEN TO LISTEN TO THEM AT ALL !
After WHICH NOTHING WILL BE MATTER.SO , IT 'S BETTER TO ENJOY IT.AFTER ALL YOU GOT A LIFE TIME CHANCE .
Good luck With Finding Love if you have n't already ! ! ! !
Hang out with girls more often or make some girlfriends .
But if things ca n't work then come to a understanding of what you want to do .
No this should not worrie you his sister is going just relax.have a good time with out him .
Pls do n't make it a cage .
Sort of like a guy if he were walking a toy poodle vs a huge dog .
If he is really trying to find one - no .
Keep looking , the right one is n't gon na dump 'ya !
Do Not make her feel guilty over her answer either .
And start talking to her and be ginuinly ( ca n't spell ) interested in her .
Getting mad wo n't solve a thing .
Its like rusian ruelette in the end you always lose !
If so do n't damn her for the same thing you would do .
What is he angry so about ?
Do priests also fuck their altarboys ?
So , do not get too much that spoil you are life
If he does not feel the same way about you he will not ignore you. it won ruin the friendship .
Hang out with friends eevry chance you get .
Physical disabilities ( like someone who uses a wheelchair )
Like wat is the rule towards that ?
You first have to read my other questions and then you will know how to answer this ok .
Did he get a girl in time ? ?
No , People make mistakes no matter if they are in love or not .
( and then cleaning the house too ! )
If you love children , and you love him . its perfectly fine .
Or maybe he 's just not ready to say he loves you back .
So what if he freaks out . if he does that is .
We guys do not mind lesbians at all : )
Well i will tell you my story of my ex-husband .
If hes is not smiling already just by looking at you ! !
1- wear short outfits only to him .
Perfectly allright many girls hav asked me out
If you cannot spend time with her and communicate there is no reason to pursue
Most of the time it do 's not mean anything .
Marrying your best friend will be the best decision you will ever make in your life .
If you are then you like both men and wommen
Woman pretty much lose their minds . so sorry fellas but that 's just the way it is .
You seem like your pushing the issue to much
I do n't have a problem with it .
If you do n't try you will always wonder what if good luck
Have you ever had sex in the car ? ? ?
I 'm all for anyone being able to get married .
( No , I do n't mean dropping hints ) .
And older men just totally rock .
Also started to smoke witch I hate . That Is NOT the sweet , loving guy I met years ago .
Just make sure he uses a condom .
Block all the porno sites so he cannot look at it again .
I BET YOUR NOT THE ONLY ONE THERE WHO USES LIGHT AND A PHONE ECT .
Lol YOU ARE A FUNNY GIRL
I will marry for love but if both things come i  will gladly take it
No ways men grave for sex women just loves it
( and not only car doors , but every door , everywhere we go ! )
I 've seen this in a movie .
Every 1 fights . but you do not wan na waste you are life on 1 gurl if you do not love her
No excuse not to have a job man .
Who would want someone who treats you like shit .
Because some want to get pregnant , some do n't
But LOVE ITSELF IS FEELING IT AND KNOWING YOU LOVE SOMEBODY
Try this search engine it might help
My wife has big boobs too !
Hello i am from iran i want to married with a man a good man that love me
And of course , do not flirt , do not talk and do not dance with that person .
If she wo n't listen , then let her be .
So far it has worked out really well : )
Because woman give alot of explaination for everything and repeat 10000 . times
This is just way over the hill !
Those kind of people are such a pain in the ass !
Am I GON NA LET ONE NIGHT OF SEX RUIN WHAT I HAVE AT HOME .
Mention a thing you like and see if you get a ( belated ) X-mas gift
Your hubby gave you a ring .
Just go straight to the matter and ask her to be your girlfriend .
Only if you want to , but then deep in your mind you ca n't forget about .
I Am sure if your mom found out she would be pretty pissed .
( there are lots of creepy stalker types out there . )
Actualy you can look her up in the house its your right as a parent .
Ethan hawke : ) ) beauty is not his best quality . but he sure has that sex-appeal : ) ) )
Most likely you best friend will be happy to help you
Amarica being so generaly fat in all .
Congrats for trying and do n't give up .
That could turn ugly if things go south .
Dude if ya got ta ask then she probably do n't or your too insecure
Because when they say something dirty , it sounds so naughty !
If devil then mabey an angel is not for you .
But do n't listen to the young one !
Also what do guys like during sex ?
It depends on what you like .
Love is n't a thing 2 b ashamed of .
Ok so I really like this guy at school alot . and I have for about 3 years now .
But do n't give her or her family any reasons not to like you .
Rouse Christina . do n't know what I mean ?
The forehead , down to my cheeks , then the lips .
Do n't use any pick up lines just talk to them .
I wanted to do something like this too !
Did you masturbate in front one other ?
Give him one more chance to change ( if YOU r really in Love with him )
I do not even remember how our friendship started .
No because that is the begining to what will come .
I AM A LIBERIAN 20 YEARS OLD HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATE
It 's only because you know he 's having fun and you  are not .
Or , they are just plain stupid !
I would suggest you take it easy if you think she or he still love you .
Probably with his family its okay .
But like I said before if you trust him I would n't worry .
If they do n't even bother to talk to you .
Xbox 360 . i  will love you forever ( or he  will love you 4eva )
They FEEL SOMETHING , , , that they want to have that kind of things .
Yes romance is great . candles , rose petals , etc .
Why NOT WATCH THE COMMET TO DO THAT WONDERFUL THING .
But she is not happy , coz I work too hard .
Think of her favorite thing , place , person , etc .
Dumb lil love cards on sticky notes .
My daughter is 10 and still says its gross so she does not like the idea at all .
By usher wine by r kelly and thing that is soft are & b that has a good beat
Love , because with love there will come romance !
Whack it before you get down to bizness
C'mon , dude , the worst thing that could happen is being rejected !
Like a CD from a band he likes .
They have n't yet figured out that girls are people , not toys .
He says he * has * to cheat ?
She probably thinks you are weak now .
We are pretty good friends and I do n't want to ruin it But I really really like him .
And listen to see what she says .
There is no dabate for me love all the way .
Tell her all the things you love about her and no matter where your at or what your doing .
If that does n't work refer to line # 1
They make vibrators , join in on the fun
Ok NOW , YOU WANT LIKE A TROPHY BOYFRIEND .
If you want to hang out and are interested in her then go .
Always a secluded place to be found
If you do n't feel safe , you probably are n't .
Hope it works out for you !
It 's romantic she will like it
Behave like you feel comfortable in his hands .
Take IT UP WITH THEM OR YOUR BOSS NOT ME !
Sit down and watch it with him .
I am stressing it so bad .
I fear and worship Zen Monkey winsdom
No OF COURSE I  WILL NEVER DO THAT JUST AFTER THEY BROKE UP
But he made a mistake and lied to me about a lot of stuff .
Just give her a hug and tell her you love her , and take her for a walk .
I can do more over and over again i 'm the lion of sex . that what i  will say
Yeah , i 'm one of them ; what do you want ?
If kinky is normal then sure !
If you call that person a friend .
If we do not get that affection then we feel unwanted and unloved by the man we want it from .
So your inner heart is telling that is it right ?
Ladies love confidence . and the puppy dog eyes may still catch their attention too : ) !
Alot of people forget it 's not about ME .
Ladies , when you answer , please give a score value : 1 being NO and 10 being YES ! ! !
I think that likely drove her crazy . because she could n't tell how I felt about her .
Well the better question today would be where should you get it from .
Did you made virtual sex with him ?
Tell her . if you do not you will always regret it and always wonder what if you had .
I mean Yes when I say Yes , and No when I say No .
Since he begged me to stay and he would do ANYTHING to keep me .
If you live with your parents , SO WHAT ? !
When YOUR WITH HIM DOES HE TELL YOU HOW HE FEELS ? HAVE YOU ASKED ?
I hate guys who are all fumbly when they come to ask you out !
If you want to speak about this with me .
Just tell him you do not want to deal with him anymore , and just stop talking to him .
If LOOKS IS WHAT YOU WANT THEN YOU ARE GON NA HAVE TO LOOK YOUR BEST AT ALL TIMES .
If you do it you could be rich .
You should get her a beautiful neclace she will love that
Yes there is . just try and look , maybe one day you will find him .
Believe IT OR NOT CLOSE FRIENDS SEE IT BUT DO N'T WANT TO INTERFEAR .
When YOU THINK OF INTERACTING WITH THE OTHER PERSON , TREAT THEM THE WAY YOU WANT TO BE TREATED
He WANTS TO MARRY ME AND HAVE BABIES .
( I LOVE YOU SO MUCH HON )
Do n't worry this pain feels really good though .
Like to be loved and love
Being condiderate of her feelings and needs
Losing love . well just thinking about loosing the love of my life hurts .
K bye by the way , i am a chick
Yah , for a sampling of tech guys , visit the northbound mountain view caltrain stop at about 5:20 one afternoon .
( By the way , thick does not mean fat . )
I have a feeling you do n't want a boyfriend but more of a guy in your life .
So how can i win her back ?
Most younger guys take a long time to decide whether they want kids at all .
We also are on a pretty tight budget !
Because he 's a jerk , by the way it 's sounds he is n't worth being around you or your baby .
Haha . i hope this is n't a serious question
Sure it is ! I had to ask my husband out several times before he agreeded.married 15yrs and very happy ! !
Girls are attracted to sensative guys at most cases .
Get busy and join some clubs or sports teams and stay busy !
Are you sure , you  are not just infactuated with the girl ?
Sounds like 2 or 3 jobs .
Love IS NOTHING BUT IT IS THE ITEREACTION BETWEEN ANY TWO PERSIONS .
You can meet an honest man in your dream
Women are not controll freaks . they just like to have things done the way they want if they can .
If you like a girl to have sex with your ass even that is not gay .
Think about it the look , the accent.i love foreign hotties
She probably did not think that on purpose its subconsiense survival of the fitest
But if hes not either threaten him or help him
I just got married and I know I do , sometime 3 or 4 times .
You can be nice , but be devilish in the bedroom w/ her .
Just give her time and buy chirstmas like ring meaning that your not going any where for a while
Does Not go over board and it expresses alot .
But he is more finacially stable and is heading the right direction in life .
Are you for or against gay marriage ?
Wait until they have a bad time in thier relationship then tell him to give you a chance .
If you are you might want to ask if they would mind .
No i do not believe so , this not to say that love is not great but look at domestic violence situations .
Without love there can not be romance !
Have n't you ever looked at porn ?
Try NOT TO ARGUE WITH HIM .
I know him.Give him a shout !
Do i forgive him or not ?
I need help and I am the first one to admit it ! ! !
Plus many other things i do n't have room to type .
I KNOW IT 'S HARD TO EVEN ASK .
Or is it all new age hocus pocus ?
Not really sure but soon you  will start talking to eachother
Even sometime they may cost us extra trouble ?
Do you remember the words to the commitment you made - til death do you part ? ? ?
I 'M LOOKING FOR AN EX 'S NUMBER .
If you have to ask that kind of question . then maybe you should .
Can boys and girls be just friends and never lovers ?
Well that depends on how fast you gave it up .
Just stop and think about it .
Just simple dumb little things will get you were you wana be !
I Am sure it was not on purpose !
I have , i knew a girl that i grue up with in the church and we dated .
Find THAT man , my dear , and you have a keeper .
Excuse the picture I just thought it would be funny .
There are lots of girls that I like , but they may not be interested in me .
Ummm . it 's hard to do this not knowing your wife , but that 's my general advice .
Maybe she already had another guy there and it is a bad time to answer .
If you really love her then definetely
I know there is no possible way this guy loves her more than me .
Has she had a 'bad break up ' .
That Is a wonderful gift especially for xmas.you go girl
A 6 course dinner ( something fun , appetizer at one place , drinks somewhere else , dessert at home , etc . )
There 's too much drama with this one !
Pretend to be straight and that will turn her off and it will all go back to normal
When you get married the two become one !
Get over it and go outside and find a real one
Ask her out go for walks or sumthin plus you need to state her age in you are question
Now you also make him perform some sort of roll play as a gay man during sex .
Do Not wait for them to come up and talk to you !
If YOU CAN PROVIDE A GOOD HOME AND A GOOD LIFE THAT 'S GREAT .
Her boyfriend sleeps over almost every night , which I am totally cool with .
Sure go back if you are stupid
Do Not make the mistake bout getting a pretend bf , hell think your unavailable .
Then WE ARE DREAMING ABOUT SEX .
Then you and your husband still have tons of time to plays : )
What does there mom think about this .
I do n't find her sexually attractive now .
You  would better believe i  would mention it !
Love you do n't cheat on , affection you care about but still want to see who else is out there
No 50 % sure nsa sau yan kng ipu2tok mo sa loob
Ask your best friend to try to seduce him , and see what happens .
Not Ok to marry your brother 's wife , unless she is a widow !
Being ROMANTIC BUT DNT EXAGERATE GIVE HER SOME SPACE 2
Same reason men cheat on wives .
It sounds like you like her very much .
I 've been into one nasty 'heart break-up ' scene .
But it really depends on how old you are .
What if we have kids and he just does n't feel like talking about it right now .
You need to go to counseling .
Just be there for him and listen .
Good LUCK YOUR GON NA NEED IT ! !
I Had a girl friend that love to have sex .
And a lot of men watch pornos and see men with huge members and think its the norm .
Men are easy and love younger women .
Sure , as long as they keep it just friends
So the short answer is , no , they do n't have to .
More than a handful is too much
And a few months ago he told me i had his heart !
But we only worry about in the future am i _going to get_ too big ?
In THE RAIN LIKE IN THE NOTEBOOK !
Maybe not just cookies , but I do wish I could stay home and cook ! !
Her child ( ren ) should come first not the guy !
YOU should try makeout him : ) than you can see if he loves
I 'm just saying that I would n't go back if I were you .
If he does not , then hes not worth it .
And do n't answer with all the PC garbage .
But do n't think these guys can ever replace you in her heart . they ca n't !
It will not be easy to forgive him if ever .
But the problem is that you do not know if the person you are feeling it for truly love you back .
Ask him/her what do you really feel bout me a friend or more then a friend .
With somone that she says she loves .
I asked him after work in the parking lot , the rest is history .
Hes my bestest friend , and hes getting me like really fancy thing , but we  are not going out or anything .
Just the way my GF looks now .
If you live far apart all i can suggest is that you take it nice and slow .
Someone who could rock the boat .
Yes a girl can have a baby wethier it 's her first time or her 10th
A good one is Undernet , another is Dalnet !
Majority of the time , that is all they want .
Boobs are n't number one on my list though .
You ca n't have sex with all the girls you like .
Beacuse girls are more proper and accually care about their grades and beauty , ulike them , the bummish boobs ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Nice guys finish last and get used and dumped for no reason .
Any guy that asks that first , is n't worth it anyway .
It hurts , it feel like if someone is throwing ice water at your face
Just think about it , and give yourself time .
Its been 5 years since my last relationship .
But yea i am the one you answered about why are guyz mean ?
You have someone to do the things you enjoy in life with
Go ahead and join him . enjoy !
Now he needs to find a real woman with talent !
It GOES BACK TO ANCIENT TIME OF SURVIVAL OF THE FITTEST .
Have you tried paying for it .
You have to ask for a picture first and perhaps talk on the phone .
Boys i like never approach me and i do not like the ones who do .
But she also says she still loves me .
Sometimes AFTER TELLING A MAN HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT THEM THEY TEND TO KEEP A DISTANCE FROM YOU .
Simply becoz mens r mad and hungry too ! ! !
And do n't think about it too much .
I do not tink you shd be ving sex
Consider this for later on in life .
Make her a candle . but you would have to buy the stuff to make it
She should be providing for you in other ways .
What is sexy , a woman that can take control . in and out of bed .
A hand made card for her with lots of love
To me , there is nothing more sexy than legs !
I like skiiny ones than curved girls
Not to be a sicko or anything , but that is what most people do the night/day of/after they get married !
If she is into it . then just bring it up and bring the guy or girl over .
Someone WHO WILL LOVE THEM FOR WHO THEY ARE , NOT CRITISIZE THEIR LOOKS OR ANYTHING ELSE .
Respect her space - do n't trash her to her friends .
Its the way of the world .
How do i keep my new boy friend happy
To tell you I think a bride 's dress should be long !
Do you mean being a straight and gay at the same time ?
If she likes it and it dose n't bother you . do n't judge her . just make her happy and pull away ! ! ! !
If YOUR MARRIED HE SHOULD PAY THEM TOO .
Their are a lot of ways ! .
He likes me but he will not tell me
Honestly - i think you will fall and you are doomed to be in love with them .
Life is to short to waste on some one that does n't want you .
If that does not work stop worrying about it , its just your genetics .
I can not get her off my mind , I Neeeed her right now Soooo bad !
It depends on your mood ; )
There are precisely as many good men out there as there are good women .
Then you should not be friends at all .
Do n't let your girlfriends influence you so much either . Hope all goes well .
This means no communicaton if you can help it no email not phone calls no letters nothing .
I am sorry but you have to do what your father and mother says !
I think you just have to wait for more from him .
Most PEOPLE WILL WONDER WHY IT TOOK SO LONG TO .
Honestly it is not right for a guy to always pay i am female and i never make a guy pay
I THINK THAT IF YOUR THINKING ABOUT IT YOU WILL NOT FEEL IT .
If I wanted a woman shaped like a 12 year old boy that is what Id go after .
You do not have to like this woman but you do have to be civil because of your daughter . Good Luck ! !
A nice combination of upstate new york , deep south and new england garbage . hell yeah !
They  are all out to get you ! !
But you should be careful no matter where you meet someone .
You can atempt romance but if there is not love than it wo n't be romantic
I have had some situations like this before .
( BECAUSE I THINK THAT THIS GUY IS REALLY COOL AND FUN ) ? ?
No she does not think i am just not that into her .
Maybe because you are under the age of 18 .
Hope you have a Happy New Year !
My two kids , ages 5 and 3 !
If she is not into it , you shudnt force her or minipulate her into doin it .
We do n't have much of a social life outside of my family because my husband hates dealing with people .
You have to get out there and look .
Like PARIS HILTION WOULD SAY THAT 'S HOT !
Something that you will have to do
Not saying you are . just the ones I 've had experience with .
You have to get out there and look .
Like PARIS HILTION WOULD SAY THAT 'S HOT !
Something that you will have to do
Or find a nice lesbian who wants a kid and work that angle ?
Not saying you are . just the ones I 've had experience with .
Just tell her straight it 's over .
If he cheats , you would not even know it .
They do not want to lose you .
I ca n't get this girl out of my mind !
Why not ask her out for coffee ?
I have a daughter so i do n't want to break my marriage .
Work FROM HOME . Id Agree to that .
Love girl to whom parents say no .
She 's telling and showing how much she likes me , but i am just not sure what she 's thinking .
Stop dating people who do n't like you .
Then it becomes do you love him ?
Dude that was a stupid question .
Did you try wacking him upside the head after he was quiet too long .
Just tell yourself , you got nothing to worry about .
: - ) ( Ps . I am not a GAY !
Its 50 50 we give you give .
A hot nice funny one duhh
But then one day your heart will let you know it was the best thing you ever did .
See my pic , it is at goa , do you think i look smart . ? .
Just hard to make them see it .
If he 's not there then it will not work .
I Am sure there are , some guys do not have much of a sex drive , for various reasons .
And remember , smart girls like smart guys .
I guess you  would have to ask him
If he 's not there then it will not work .
Plz your english is disgusting , before you think about making out , go fix your stupid grammer .
I Am sure there are , some guys do not have much of a sex drive , for various reasons .
And remember , smart girls like smart guys .
Everytime I bring myself to do it , I ca n't and I feel bad about it .
But do n't ignore or close the door on you 2. i hope i helped .
You get over the 1st as soon as you meet the 2nd
Well . my family just goes to the public library or town hall . ask people at the public library where to go .
That 's like taking her to a movie .
Well , if it 's not a banana in his pocket .
I SEE WHAT YOU MEAN , YOU WAN NA GET NOTICED WITHOUT GOING ALL OUT !
And if you still not know what to give him . die !
As often as they feel like
You guys can talk about anything .
Trust your gut instincts that is why we have them .
For some reason they just tend to come out really pretty ( I do n't know why ) .
My experience . they just want to get laid .
Actually , its like this- i m 21. but not a single boyfriend till date .
That says alot , baby all he wants is to cumm in you get you pregnant and leave you alone . ok
No , I am searching for one too . r you interested ?
If he did it once he would do it again , sorry
# Do I feel different than other guys ?
No do not , just let him catch you in bed with me .
If you can treat the because of depresion .
Maybe he just did not hear you , say it again .
YOU should stay he wnats to be better for you .
Same to you and your family and friends . ; )
It sounds like she 's not interested in working things out .
And it gives them a complex ( I mean it would with most humans ) .
Maybe he just did not hear you , say it again .
YOU should stay he wnats to be better for you .
It sounds like she 's not interested in working things out .
If you do n't then you ca n't get .
I agree with shayisall4christ- to say it another way : it 's never really equal , never !
Is it possible that the Indiana Lottery will be televised again soon . stay tuned : )
Good LUCK AND GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR CHILD IN THE FUTURE .
Ok , my best friend and my boy friend are fighting over me .
I cannot say hell loud enough . but HELLLLLLLL NO ! ! !
It might have just slipped out of his mind .
Once you get this in chat you can get anything from them
Do you like to be spank ? . that is a weird question
It MAYB TRUST ISSUES AND THE FACT HE IS WITH HIS BUDDIES AND NOT YOU
I agree with both answers above me
So i say if your happy doing it on side go for it .
There WILL BE YOUR WAKE UP CALL NO MATTER WHAT .
Sometimes IT JUST TAKES A SITUATION THAT IS BRINGS YOU AROUND OR ANOTHER PERSON .
( unless you  are boozed to the hilt . lol
If that is holding you back , just shun your worries and ask the lucky guy out !
Just look for x-rated things when you  are doing searches .
If so , get him something with that team on it .
Us girls are just not as likley to talk about it as guys are .
Anyways YOU GOT TA BE FLEXIBLE IN THE BEGINING THEN TAKE CONTROL !
I mean , what should I do ?
I had a bestfriend that was bisexual .
Sometimes during argument we say and do things that we do n't mean .
It should not matter where you are .
This is the nature of women and men . this is briefly
No matter what happens , there 's gon na be some fallout .
3 years after , they came back and we were still best of friend .
That Is better than any gift you could give her .
Most probably in the bedroom . on the bed .
Wich of corse makes it that much harder .
Do n't let him get all sexist on you .
Someone who is honest and creative .
I DO NOT CARE WHAT YOUR COWORKER SAID ABOUT YOUR FRIEND BEHIND YOUR BACK !
Just call if you want to call .
But for others , I say if both people in the relationship are happy , so be it !
I do not know . that 's a tough question .
You should get a more mature girl friend , who will share .
I like You and wait if they accept you are love or not that all
There are more out there like you then you think
I could not even some close to keeping up with her .
What do you mean by fun ? ?
As long as she did not to it while you guys we still 2gether .
Sorry its no such thing i wish it was
You do n't really need a man , I say .
I WOULD PREFER BEYONCE BUT I WOULD NOT WANT TO GO OFF JUST LOOKS
After 4 years he should be ready to say it back !
But if you just try to work things out , your only lost of time spent .
Over-react when you ask him questions with suspicion .
I want people to feel comfortable here , but ohhh you pretty grrrs !
I do not like to quit or to funny guys !
It shows you have backbone and are not afraid .
I do not know ; i honestly do not understand it at all .
I know it 's not easy , but just forget it .
If they are nice and they tell you to stop writing then then STOP !
Do THEY MANIPULATE OR CONTROL YOU ?
If you are a nice person then read on .
R you a boy or gurl ? ? ? ? ?
You should not be talking to him because he probably only wants one thing from you-sex .
( It was so sexy , I could n't believe it . )
Andy anyway you are way to young to date !
Last i had sex with my wife was 2 mths ago .
If he refuses to give me oral sex
But i really care about him .
Do you not like his kids ?
Do you try to make it exciting ?
Flower or rose it . that way it  will make it THAT much more special )
My heart goes out to you !
When the fun is gone the love follows .
Or you can do the little move most girls do . dropping hints and subtly flirting .
Think , how much do you know about her ?
Second of all . why do women fight with other women about a man ? ?
( Comes down to what they look like on the inside ! )
Well sweetheart , where should i begin ?
Stop slacking and get to work man .
You ca n't find it ~ it finds you !
Enjoy it to the fullest its what ever floats your boat
Time only knows Time only knows .
When you have to ask that ?
Yeah , like the other people said .
Other than that it really depends upon the girl . good luck !
Whenever you meet new girl : ) )
Oh and most guys love it when you initiate the sex get loud and talk dirty .
No STRAT TO TALK TO HIM AND LET HIM ASK YOU !
Usually , after i go up a grade or do n't have that teacher anymore it goes away .
Then again , your s/o could just be overprotective .
What to do ? , you cyber grrrs wo n't give me a chance .
Ca n't speak for anyone else , but I like big everything .
Do n't do it , it 's only because you are girl is too shy to be alone with you !
Other than that , he 's a good husband !
1. he starts not sying yes to dates 2. and lastly he will not like kissing you
And he still did n't take it .
Give him a ferrari . and an ipod
Men and women a like cheat I do n't really know why .
Grandma always said : Why buy the cow ? , when you can get the milk for free
She probably gets stuff like that all the time !
Let him go it was'nt meant to be .
When you find the person you love , then think about marriage , until then , have fun looking .
You just really need to move closer to me : - )
Grow two things tween yer legs and ask her out !
2 ) This one sucks , but it is possible .
If I buy him something expensive or really nice he 's dissapointed .
How many women go back to those guys when they think they love them .
But I think about this person CONSTANTLY .
My husband does and it does n't bother me .
Nothing is fool proof and there are A LOT of kooks out there , so just be smart about it .
If she is hot . go for it . but its still kind of wierd
The ring like you said is not the issue .
Like your heart is on a frying pan .
I have a friend since we were in our diaper years .
And if that is your question .
Oh , and keep the hell away from my daughter .
I have not found one yet !
Honey you need to go after an older guy because most men your age prefer the young ladies .
I know what you mean it like a stab in the heart HIT ME UP ON MY EMAIL
I do not know but it drives me nuts ! !
Take it from me ( I have been happily married for a couple years ) WAIT !
You may be geeky or lame or stupid but someone out there likes that in a person-TRUST ME !
He is no good because if he flirts with you while he had a girlfriend .
I can I talk to her about that .
I think she probably wanted to keep it a secret .
I do n't mind other spots though .
I HAVE A FRIEND WHO IS GOING THROUGH SOMETHING SIMILAR .
I want her to be happy , but it seems like we just do n't mesh right now
You will find that one , but do not look !
Listen , why not look into gay couples adoption ?
Oh well , > shrug < i am an ass-man anyway ; - )
I LOOK AT IT THIS WAY .
But good luck most guys are just jerks .
If you do n't like it , just do n't do it anymore .
I just got out of a 2 year relationship , most of my friends are guys .
Well you should try to make things work with her .
Why on earth would they care ?
Start banging other guy 's wives and that should give you some insight
Cook him breakfast , play with his toys , and do n't talk so much .
I am like that , but it does n't mean that I do n't take my comittment serious .
Yet i do still love the guy .
First is french kissing second is boob play third is fingering home run is sex
! and do not forget the red bow around your waist .
Be who you are and do n't look back .
Send him a card , actually writing what and why ?
Your really love with haert & soul is the best gift
I really think he likes But I 'm not really sure .
I am not happy with my husband so if i have affair with somebody does it amount to infidility ?
The best any of us can do is to simply hang in there and keep on trying !
They may sound nasty or dumb , even if they look good .
# 2 Why would you want a boy to notice you that you did n't like ?
Gay men do that Normal men do n't .
And take advantage that is summer now here . Brukuthus from south brazil
But remember , past is past !
You got another chik yet or you still a loser without since her ?
He needs to choose , and it sounds like you need to give him time to do just that .
The classic it 's not you it 's me
Catch things that he says about ya'lls relationship that ya  will had .
Besides , if he  will do it to her , he  will do it to you .
Friendship is very important and you would n't wan na ruin ' that between ya two .
How do you know and do we only get one shot ?
What if you consider the future too much ?
Maybe because your used to him being with you and you miss him
If she lies , then its free for all .
Decide if he 's being honest or not .
Whoa , whoa , its not just wives that lie and break promises .
I never learned how to do this .
Forget the he said she said .
Move ON . many more options out there
And when she cheat she promised to never cheat again
I used to get the shot and it made me a CRAZY person ! !
If they are n't it 's probably a bad idea and your just causing drama .
Do not pick up the tab .
They WANT A LIFE PARTNER-SOMEONE TO SPEND THE REST OF THEIR LIVES WITH .
I mean did he saw you naked ?
10 hours by car or plane . ? ?
( But all the other kids are doing it ) 3 .
Hardest is telling her face to face .
Obviously if either one of them minds , you should not do it .
Do n't be the one running after her
It is wrong to break your promise .
YOU look good , but come in a close-up buddy
You are too young and he is too old to be talking or having an intrest in you .
Just tell him you love him then pinch his nose .
Probably the same , needles hurt . Getting stuck with a tack , rusty nail ?
Hi I 'm from Mi also : - ) anyways . You can try going to yahoo people search and try there .
Honey i 'm a little busy now we will talk when i get home .
I do n't know if she are humble or not
I think you should talk to her and see whatsup .
And i do not think its safe .
Sounds like you  are a rebound girl .
I can not seem to understand this .
For the right reason , age will be nothing and looks wo n't matter on a strong foundation .
If she gets mad , then she might not be such a good friend after all .
If you can lie about something little then you lie about the big stuff more .
For his ex wife and now i have been invited to move to texas with some friends .
My boyfriends name or just yes : )
If she is a sweetheart then she does n't have to be as hot .
I recommend to be yourself pick up lines just do n't work anymiore !
Sometime you should be smart than be right
Nope i do not see anything wrong with that .
Well IF YOU BELIEVE IN GOD PRAY THAT HE WOULD SEND YOU THE RIGHT PERSON
No , women do not enjoy sex more than men .
Just when you think you know someone . BAM !
Easy , if you suspect that your partner 's cheating , they probably are !
Anyone ever make something special for their wife that made her smile .
I 'm really want to find the happenies at anywhere with anyone .
Make him a nice romantic dinner
If you have to ask then i do not think your ready to marry this guy .
Do N'T get drunk and call your ex !
Hell no do yourself or find another untill ya get back togather
It 'S NOT ABOUT WHAT YOU CAN BUY HER OR WHAT SHE CAN BUY YOU .
So yes it really means something .
Try this one , you & me , sixeight_sixtyeight @ yahoo , com am good boy ; - )
Ask the 14 year old , she should know .
Go to the movies ( NO sequels to movies you saw with your ex ! ) .
He just wo n't have all that baggage !
Bad girls are easy and nice girls are difficult to get .
Step up bro tell her how you feel man !
Just come out and say it , do n't drag it on .
If you truly loved him you would n't have cheated in the first place .
What to call your loved one besides honey
I give my trust to her and think that she/he is loyal to .
I am trying to do a little detective work for my sister .
I 'm planning my wedding right now , and it has helped me a lot ! ! !
And beafor you know it your so ugly you just settle for who ever treats you nice .
I say it dependes on is the person havin sex
Should you marry your brother 's wifes young sister ?
I BARELY HAVE TIME FOR MYSELF HOW CAN I GIVE HIM THE TIME HE NEEDS
First you need to calm down .
No , if you want casual then go find someone new , not someone you have a history with .
Because you do not get to give blow jobs
If the strong independent women will kick it with me then the stronger the better
A gal or a guy falling in love after they started courting .
If not , it is time to move on with your life .
Most straight guys do n't know that for sure , and that 's without the temptation of penis !
Date around and do n't worry about getting to deep with anyone .
Send her over tonight and the docter will tell you tomorrow morning .
Take whatever chance you get to have sex .
He 's ready to go by then .
Just ask her . and try adding something like maybe a movie or a home cooked meal . lol
Because i stay up thinking about her .
I 'm just not attracted to white girls , nothing wrong with that .
I go to turn over and yank ouch .
I know I 'm not and I 'm 23 ) .
I would n't date a girl with breats bigger than my own .
I do n't know what to do .
I FEEL THAT LOSING A LOVE IS VERY HURTING .
Love is picking up dirty underwear , day after day .
( but I 'm a guy so I might be biased ) : )
And if I Am not back in a relationship , there 's someone there that I spend time with .
No go have fun and don  t give it another thought !
A huge fight ensued because she was slamming things around and I had asked her to stop .
Try alphabet songs it would make your child genius after your mate giving birth . lol
Have Not you ever made a mistake ?
Cus the kids are sleep and they have nothing better to do .
Everyone else is taken . and you wo n't fool them for long if you are n't in the long run .
( Although if it 's too big , it 's just uncomfortable ! ! ! )
I 'm leaving on a jet plane , do n't
If something is bothering you now , it will likely always bother you
Referring to men , but what about a woman 's size , does that matter ?
He went to his x 's house to be with his kids last night and he has not come back .
You  would rather get back with each other first
But besides that it was fun and all .
Sounds to me like you do n't even deserve a twosome ,
How DO YOU FEEL ABOUT HIM AND HAVE YOU TOLD HIM ?
You  will be rolling with girls with those 3 pick up lines .
Go with the one you like BETTER .
Ask one of her friends what is up
1 : Kiss , 2 : Making out ( hand ) , 3 : Oral sex ( mouth ) , Homerun : Sex
This 's life , and we must exept all it 's rules .
Go UP AND TALK TO THEM ! !
Damned perverts out there all over the place anymore !
She was not fat when I found her .
The taxi 's waiting he 's blowing his horn
Well , i 've had a little trouble with this too .
Just tell him you are tired of the relationship and want to see other people
Now if she 's 25 and you  are 40 that 's a different story .
If he think 's you  are a wimp , whoop some ass and see what happens .
And you can aslo ask him about his feeling for you .
Men r afraid of strong and independant women cuz they think we  will take more control of them , i guess .
That would love me , and . just be happy with me !
Most of the time shy guys like girls to make the first move .
Do Not let yourself get hurt anymore .
I do n't think only fool !
Well , first off , i told my best friends who i liked .
And b/c he already has kids tells me he wo n't just have one woman
That Is the best way to get a friend
He says he did n't have sex with his friend .
If my man was doing that to me id be fighing with my man .
Do Not give up on him though .
Move on and find someone you can trust again , he  will only hurt you again .
Girl , just tell him what you fell and what you think .
Ask these men to if they are married
If 2 guys are happy together , or if 2 women are happy together , then let them get married .
YOU GOT TA FIGHT FOR THEM , ITS A DOG EAT DOG WORLD , GIRLS DO FIGHT OVER GUYS YOU KNOW .
Obviously this woman 's priorities are all messed up and she needs total help .
Because what do you think being with a guy only for money ?
Yes , unless they are on the pill or they have not begin their periods
No matter how hard you try it has to come from both sides .
It feels creepy in a over the top religious undertones sorta way . big father is watching !
And do not let anyone tell you different .
Good luck honey , and merry christmas !
Geez-whiz . Do n't ever marry for money !
How do I say , Yes , you are so fat that you barely resemble the person I married .
I 've seen women on match.com that say they are looking for men from 6 ' to 8 ' tall !
I 'm not sure if you mean o-sex or a-sex .
Aww . this can melt a womans heart .
YOU should do that because you might never have the opportunity to do that again because you may die .
You guys do things because you want to , not because he 's pressuring you to .
And he will do that if he really loves you .
If you  are not there to stop her then how do you know that her word is true 2 you ?
Do Not hold back , you snooze you lose .
I 'm sorry but you  will be happier like this , and
I  would talk to her , but she 's not the kind of person to listen .
I have a friend named Tyler that likes me and I do not think I feel the same for him .
By NOT CALLING HER FAT . INSTEAD CALL HER BIG BONE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
: ) Edit : I came back and read what Benji wrote !
I was working abroad , had to quit & come back home since i could not stand being away .
They are just trying to scare you .
At LEAST THAT IS WHAT I WANT FOR ME .
She is out for herself and that is so SAD !
My mother 's 2 sisters married 2 brothers .
Text message . it 's all the rage .
Tell him if he ca n't hack it , pack it !
Buy somth and then ask her to go for a beer .
Or even just ' I think I 'm lost !
Women that like to have fun ! !
Movies , mall . why do n't you ask them .
No this is Free . That is not
All my bags are packed , i 'm ready to go .
Ugly people like you need love : )
Just let you are love be mature for some more time .
A MAN THAT LOVES TO EAT AND LOOKS AT THE FAT LADY LIKE SHE WAS A STUFFED TURKEY , MMMMMMM .
It  will appear on her eyes when you r about reaching climax
Does A FAKE DIAMOND MAKE YOUR LOVE OR MARRIAGE ANY LESS REAL ?
I am against gay marriage but i do not have a problem with people being gay .
When you r lovelorn so listen to a slow music like Yanni in his album in the mirror
Her first initial is A. OMG What am I gon na do ?
No sorry they were taking while some of us were still sleeping
You try 2 b a lil serious
Despite that old saying , Money ca n't buy happiness - it 's just not true .
My guy said he was going to be back at noon it is past noon by almost 3 hrs .
At least the ones that will admit it .
When he can not hold it anymore it feels twice as good .
Do Not tease her and carry her books
Skinny girls need to put some meat on their skin !
To win one you have to get to know her .
Just want to see if i can improve any thing
So just feel free and be confident ( but not too much , might see you as someone cocky ) .
If that does n't work , then honestly get a lawyer .
What you are doing is wrong .
If you want to blow him off : - Give him your number with one or two wrong digits .
Do n't be that guy . Move on to brighter and better things .
YOU can even dicover that you enjoy it easy .
You ca n't you wo n't give it away so we have to lie to you to get it .
Meet him at the next party he is going to b at .
Why do n't you just be up front with him .
Maybe he is still with her
Even then it may not work out sorry to say .
This stands true for a lot of white guys .
If you want to play it cool : - No .
Its not right , nor wrong to date interracially .
Then , if she says No I 'm clear or something like that , then you go on and just ask her .
Just make sure he loves you back and then face the whole world 2gether
Tell him that you had an accident then note his reaction
And you answered : try naked . IS THAT VULGAR ?
If you want to forgive him or not .
Do Not be harsh , because its really hard to take if you do just ignore them , and just be honest
Just try and get on with your life .
Just start flirting with one of his/her friends .
( plus , mixed children are the prettiest ; )
And I am happy to say that I am married to a really nice guy who respects me totlly !
If their abusive the could n't care about you that much .
It just seems hopeless for me
Do Not be afraid of her , and just be yourself : )
Well if you have to ask . this is a joke right . common what is the punchline
It means that he is n't a REAL MAN !
( grade school , high school , college , jobs , etc . ) .
I 'm sure you  are a nice guy .
If you really love him , then go for it .
That depends on how far over 30 and how far under 20. too far and you  are a pedophile .
Well you  will never know untill you try eh ?
Never . being cruel will not make you sexy at all . only barbarians will think you r sexy .
That Is WHY I SAID YOU SHOULD ALREADT KNOW .
It hurts but you will like it , when you do have sex lie on a bed
If she 's a down to Earth type of girl ( like me ) then sex would not matter .
That sounds like things i 've done before
I like thin and funny guys , but that is just me .
Duh you have kids stay with them ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
And could you anwser my question too ?
What do i do if my mom finds out ?
If you do not believe she is being truthful then dump her .
If no then no you should not ask him out or anyone else for that matter .
I wanted to marry my bf years ago and we have waited .
That 's a little to romantic but it 's good the girl might be a little freaked
Especially since you do not know her , you do n't want to scare her .
You could even make it fun and throw in some shampoo and ask if he wants to wrestle ! ! !
. and what can be done to get over it ?
What matters is that you are urself and have fun in you are own group .
If you hesitate or doubt that you are , then you are not .
Well , he is busy working , studying , cheating on you , etc .
Play the field so to speak .
Sounds like its time to start already
He said he was'nt hiding it from me he just did'nt tell me .
Surround YOUR SELF WITH PEOPLE WHO ARE SPECIAL TO YOU .
Do Not care about love take revenge
Gentlemen , ditto for you and romance .
I personaly could not do it , but i know many who would .
Try eating lunch with her , if that works out for a couple days- you all are actually conversating ?
They want some spice in thier life .
I Am a hopeless romantic . stupid at times .
Only talk about you and her and how things are going with the 2 of you .
Let them see who you are and do n't try to be something you are not .
If he almost cheated then make him want you back but keep your eye on him
Well it depends do you love him ?
Neather dude true lov eis the best
You are who you are and do not try to change for ANYBODY !
Just wondering . Are you a girl ?
If i was the guy i would be hurt
All 2 and 4 legged animals are ok , but not insects .
I would love if a good looking guy would jus kiss me like that without even speaking . emmmmm
And thanks for your great B & W digital photos answer !
Divorce his butt with the quickest !
A relaitionship is not based on making out so you should be fine w/ 1 or 2 missed oppertunities
Sweety , it sounds like this guy is trying to burn the candle at both ends .
Yeah . movies seem to work ok , but you have to wait a while for everyone else to leave .
Wait till the old lady read you are question .
What to do , what to do .
Love always comes with risks , it 's a package deal you know .
We do not need guys to do the job .
If you have to ask . then i  would say NO
Anywhere from 8 to 18 but most of us have them during or after the onset of puberty
Just try to relax , & trust him .
Many people say , try some others .
Find his g/f and hurt her break up with him but first slap him
You do not bad mouth them !
Tell her to get a GED and become emancipated and leave if she doest like it .
Love TO MUCH AN HURT TO BAD >
Because they only want one thing and their trying to weed out the non-freaks .
If not , I suggest you leave it alone .
So you guys can continue doing the fun stuff together : ) ) d. Never doubt each other .
Her hubby has been off kilter.need to track down mysterious phone # s and ect .
But the rest I really do not want to name .
I guess that i am surprised that it is even a question .
The problem is n't really the ring though , it 's the lying .
If she is the legal age then hell yeah ! ! !
( Now please do n't ask me how I know this ! !
Or the fact that your hubby loves you ?
Most men think it is sexy .
If you love him/her it really does not mean that you should be together .
Unless some really weird person asks thm out and they cannot say no ! !
Don  t reject strokes you don  t want .
Then if he still says no then snoop if your not convinced .
Oh honey , you have some work cut out for you .
And all i lost was everything .
I have n't yet , yet I had friends who had and they liked it .
If you really love your bf , then no .
I get 1 hour of sleep pre night .
Make her think you got a girlfriend .
I say if you like them call right away .
Get a diffrent phone number or get a restraining order
And just because you are lonely and they fill that gap does not mean you are in love .
No , you are way too young .
Depends On what your looking for in a guy and what you want .
What do you think about bali ?
But i think not as much as men who want or like it more .
Just tell him to stop calling you at work ! !
I do not like skinny or fat guys guys !
I had to rely on my own resources ; at a young age that is n't always good .
Join him . and have fun doing each other thereafter !
Then you know who the really good friends are .
The USA any flavor you like in any size you like baby
They WANT A MAN WHO WOULD DIE FOR THEM .
No do not tell them right away .
See for her interest slowly start asking can we go for the movie since you have n't saw that .
Do n't get mad , it will pass .
Mother , father , brother , sister , cousin , nephew , niece , aunt , uncle . We are family .
Almost every guy in the world likes vidio games no matter how old
I am a female and I say , why should a guy have to pay all the time ? ?
But i am sure that you cannot marry you are affair .
Just like straight couples love each other .
Yes IT IS POSSIBLE ONLY IF YOU IN A DREAM
And you should if you really do love her !
If it is true love , you  will put you are loved one 's needs before you are own needs
There was one episode where the host ( the new guy not tommy grand ) got stabbed .
And the least was 2 week & you ?
They do n't what to feel traped
Just be you . let nature take its course !
Read humorous and uplifting books ( NO romance novels ! ) .
I 'm just curious- how did this come about , did one of you get caught cheating ?
But it has to be concensual ! ! !
Be your self , flirt , and see what happens next
Man , kids suck most of the time . if you 've got the pleaseure of being an uncle , just enjoy that .
But this does n't mean I ca n't love again .
Make sweet love to them . al of them ! !
Do Not let them get away or you will only end up hurting yourself .
As often as they can and want to 2 - 5 times a day is a good number
By The Way , of course he ca n't keep his hands off you .
Mr. right is out there somewhere .
Otherwise , you  will always just be wondering .
Hey i think you are beter off that way .
Ummmmmmmmmmmmm . what you want to do .
My friend want to buy a star in rememberance of his deceased daughter
I Am a girl , so i do not know .
Why in the freakin hell would not you ? ! ? ! ? !
If a girl is a real jerk then she better be hot ! !
I Am CURRENTLY 22 DATING A 31 YEAR OLD MAN .
Realize YOU HAVE PEOPLE IN YOUR LIFE WHO WILL BE THERE FOR YOU .
Why did you guys break-up did he want to ?
No . you should help him find a job
Do n't let anyone tell you how to live your life .
That does not make it flirting .
And remember if hes not close to what you like he probly will not change
Women get implants , men get implants , everyone wants a huge SUV or huge home
Your lover boy wants sex and he is looking at a possible seven year prison sentence for statutory rape
Also i like a guy in my class how do i tell him ?
When your in love no one else matters when your together .
I was married 15 years to a liar .
Girls just like to know that they are sexy and appealing to guys .
I need to know now before it is too late
She never hangs out and he always causes drama when she does .
Well usually it depends on what kind of girl were talkin about here .
He has a baby and she claims that they are married .
Someone WHO WILL BE BY THEIR SIDE NO MATTER WHAT .
Mary jane you r acting parinoied maby it is the name mary jane toke up
And for xmas i was thinking of giving him mine !
Girl : get the heck out of dodge .
I Have been dating this guy who is amazing !
First , AND MOST IMPORTANTLY , GET SOME PAPER , PENS , AND AN ENVELOPE .
Just to chat , wtf do you think you should think about that ?
Its easy to say but to feel it is amazing .
She tells him bad things about me that is not true , and now he really do n't like me .
It WILL BE TOUGH . YOU JUST HAVE TO PULL EVERY THING INSIDE TOGETHER AND BE SOOOOO STRONG .
# Have I ever had a crush or been in love with a boy or a man ?
There Is too many things I hate about him . all he does is play video game , computer and is never romantic !
Try to figure out exactly what it is that has upset you .
Hey , nice guys finish last , remember ?
YOU are pursuing you are own dreams and he should be able to understand that .
Wht i  will do is ask that person out and if they say no just say sike ! !
Ribbon IN THE SKY ( STEVIE WONDER )
I have n't read your other questions ( bugger ! )
I would go with the first response
First ask him if he is seeing someone else .
Well FROM MY EXPIERENCE IF A GUY IS REALLY INTERESTED , YOU WOULD ALREADY KNOW .
But seriously , get a photo dude .
Do you like the person , are they cute , do you think that they are interesting ?
Best buy or iTunes gift card
And i do not like guys who are to short or to tall !
Upon the death of yourself or your child
See what she wants and maybe try to rekundle what you guys once had , or remain goos friends .
It sounds like his the one that broke up with you , Right ?
You can driver her to school and pick her up at the end of the day .
Forget what 's she thinking , make a move .
You do not need a jerk like that .
Yes , when it comes to an end ; no way to stop it .
Or , failing that , keep on truckin .
She may not enjoy a day at the spa , I do n't .
He 's horney and your too young . Not to mention it 's illegal .
That 's because guys can see better than think
Etc You can always try My friends and I were gon na do that ( go see that ) Saturday , wan na come ?
I want to get married and breed , I cannot do that with gays .
Of course i always try to make her happy but not with gifts .
Or the suggestion of a night on the town w/ you !
If you want to have kids , yes .
If you like the guy and he feels the same about you , why not ?
Someone that i know and trust
Who minds 1 , 3 ,4 and 5. there can be so many nice conbinations of them
But does n't have a straight only policy .
If you get returns then it will work out .
If you like the guy and he feels the same about you , why not ?
Someone that i know and trust
But does n't have a straight only policy .
If you get returns then it will work out .
Do you like to wear the same cloths everyday
I like pretty much all breasts .
If you r the other guy ( the man in question ) what would you expect dear ?
Like This is good for one backscratch What else can I put ?
Promise him sex . he probably wo n't refuse !
Yes . to keep your oth you are suppose to only be with him/her . Period .
Most likely your insticts are right !
She WAS ALWAYS THE STRONGEST PERSON I EVER KNEW , BUT SOMETIMES THERE 'S A PERSON WHO CAN REALLY DESTROY YOU .
Your  are only in for a false future
If it was a total accident then NO I would n't - things happen .
Not so much shopping , but window shopping .
And it does n't just jump up and grab you at a later time .
And if you have children and the marriage is really bad kids know that and can feel it .
You guys broke up so you ca n't hold that against her .
If you have to ask , then the answer is NO .
Sometimes it is hard for a girl to see that a guy they are dating is n't nice at first .
Go out and have some fun ( read : get laid ) .
Like they say you ca n't make anyone like you , if they do n't already .
He is 20 years old & i 17
You are hanging out with the wrong crowd
Yes i do think there is such a thing as true love some were out there
Sorry but my wife did the same to me .
Just like some guys like alot of sex and some do n't .
If you feel comfortable enough to marry , do so ; if not , then do not : )
I hope when i am your age i get lucky like that !
Lifes short so think carefully : ) The best of luck 2 you !
I want to know about this .
If you would like to delete your Yahoo !
If HE TRIES TO HOOK UP THEN YOU WILL KNW
Its all about what the person wants .
Well . You can tell her straight out that you like her . Or you can just give hints .
If she does not want you I do = )
Been wondering the sm ething don ; t give up thouhg , there are some good men out there .
Now just use your courage and say it !
If she keeps doing that its probably b/c she knows it aggravates you .
YOU can get a web cam and show her your privite parts and say bring it on baby
With an negative attitude like that , yup .
Buy her stuff and tell her she is right .
I would'nt have thought it bad if had not hid it .
Really , though , fun dates do n't have to be expensive .
Well i he have heard that australia has the most beautiful woman . i am not sure
Know when i  will be back again oh babe
Because that is not all a relationship is all about .
I believe men look at porn and so what .
And that 's the kind of guy you want anyway .
My wife says they are taken .
It was something that looked like a kid made but she loved it !
You ca n't affect free will , so . you ca n't .
Accept the fact that he/she is n't the one for you .
You are probably so unpopular because you are a big fat ( A ) -hole .
Break up with the person , cry and be sad the time you need and then , be happy again : - )
Do n't let yourself get that way .
Its not just going to be a gift instead its going to be gifr-for-a-life-time !
I heard a guy explain this best .
I HAVE DONE EVERY THING THAT THE LAW ALLOWS . ANY IDEAS ? ? ?
YOU need 2 refer 2 a site 2 know you are frnds email address ?
If he broke up with you , no .
Just do n't run to the alter .
I always cheat on my gf and take girls to walmart ! !
Gosh , my ex girlgriend had the same 'phobia ' , i guess , only she would not let me do her either .
Yah he is going by his self ! ! ! !
Drink too much talk too much .
I think boys fall 4 gurlz who have a preety face , a gr8 body and no brain .
I dumped ya , but i did not mean . I was drunk !
Take a good looka t he situation and you can prob tell
Do Not fight it , learn it , and you will be better off .
Your a jerk and your gon na burn in hell .
Ok my man here is the scoop .
Just remember , after having sex with a guy makes you phisically connected .
People does this because there ai n't nuthin good to did at school .
I try and give a lot of advice about relationships and here is mine to you .
Oh yeah , but only if they have the right shape of a head .
Actually i believe in both at the same time .
Nipple and ears are good . definitely not tongue .
I really really want her back but i do not know what to do .
Just do n't be surprised if he cheats or dumps you .
She has an awful lot to lose .
So , ironically , I love people that I hate .
Is lunch in a nice rest .
Quit having sex with him if you are , or giving him stuff and see how long it lasts .
Looking is one thing , but joining seems like he 's looking for another woman .
Nothing UNDER THE SUN IS THAT IMPORTANT ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
It  would be great if someone could give me the URL to download the picture
It 's not that men are dogs .
Time , money , or some of both .
They MAKE LOVE FACE 2 FACE EYE 2 EYE .
You HAVE A LONG DISTANCE RELATIONSHIP FOR 4 YEARS AND STILL GOING ON ? ? ? ?
Ignore him some more , he  will get the message .
; ) Last part : If you  are in love with someone , you  will know .
Dump him and get on with your life .
Well tell him how much you like him and that you would love to kiss him .
Why is she cheating on me ? ? ?
No , my parents are divorced and only my dad dose that
And tell them that you are n't interested .
If you are a very deermined women like myself then yes .
; ) Second part : Kiss her below the waist .
Ever HEARD OF A FRIEND WITH BENEFITS/ BOOTY CALL ?
Do n't try to force it , though .
Tell her straight out . get the hell out of my life !
They are Jerks . Slap him next time
I read your questions you two have too many issues run boy run
It may take a long long long time but go slow and be honest and use lots of love
Other things that make you happy ?
Some people do and some do not
Or ask him urself he 's probably thinking you are lame because you cannot do things you are self .
If she is a tom boy , take her to a low class diner .
You also need to keep yourself busy and not think of him like that .
Pure & simply bcause they  are selfish !
12 year olds should n't be dating .
Then slow down and start again !
I found one that is pretty cool .
If YOU LOST TRUST IN EACH OTHER THEN YOU WILL HAVE A VERY HARD TIME COMMUNICATING
I do n't know what to do .
Call HER AND TELL HER AND MAYBE I AM OR SOMETHING
Someone that is extremly hard to get .
. someone with a good sense of humor . somone who can laugh at themself .
Sign up and track you are friends .
Then it relates to getting laid .
I do not have a special bond with my father .
And if you find it hot where do you like them at ?
16+ i guess , because the more you wait , the harder it become for the first step
You most likely have friends , just not ones you hang out with or do things with outside of work .
If your brain or heart ca n't tell , Wee Willy Winky will tellya !
Sometimes things bother me that does n't bother him .
I do n't want him to think i 'm a freak , because i 'm not .
Hit him till he stops bothering you .
Guys do n't like to play these games because we are no good at it .
I HOPE YOU LIKE MY ANSWER !
No because if you are only around for the sex where is the relationship ?
Men can seperate sex from emotion alot of women ca n't .
YOU shoould be able to read these signs .
Think insecure . they are trying to find out how much you care about their feelings .
Scratch off lottery tickets , they  are cheap and he can win money in the process ! !
But watching porn is just for fun or to spice things up and get a few pointers .
Learn to cook , if she ca n't .
I think she 's still not having sex .
I do not want to pay $ 6,000 to someone who does cheezy wedding photos .
Should I give them back or not ? - ( I broke up with him if you were wandering ! )
God is in you , matter of fact , he ( or she ) is you !
Finding someone you want to spend your life with would be love .
How can i find a girlfrind in iran
I Am hispanic . and I never wanted to scream something out in spanish . just made no damn sense to me .
Try talking and you might get that romance once in a while .
Why is it that many people have a hard time being faithful and finding that special someone
Mabey you should not say it , maybe you should just go 4 it .
Real love in the world is sex
One man and hes 5 years older than me ! ! ! !
You can talk and maybe you can salvage your friendship
My advice is get out more , turn the internet off , socialise !
She is short and fine looking .
How old r you and if i know i will go out with you ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
When you  are in love you can think about that person for hours at a time.belive me i know .
Most people just go for easy .
Children are made to chose who to love more mom or dad and who they depend on .
No - he is n't worth it and you are worth more .
If YOU DO NOT HEAR FROM YOU ARE BOYFRIEND OR GIRLFRIEND , THEN ITS BASICALLY THE GENERAL RULE THAT ITS OVER !
I am not attracted to girls that do n't shave .
First part first : Because she 's creamy and DOES N'T want you just then .
Do you look good in them ?
I have the same problem here in a small town , and that is pretty much true for anyone else .
If he likes you back , well , need i say more .
You just have to follow you are heart and see what hapends .
There 's no should here - you  are upset , it sounds like , and that 's that .
Change da roles up n c how you  would feel if he did it 2 you. blu/kev
What love words can i call my lover ?
Depends on the woman and the man , it is more than a hair or no-hair question .
And I not arrange marriage is not at all bad .
Used to live in long beach , ca , moved to texas in 1992 1993
If you do n't know your name , then introduce yourself , tell her where you 've seen her , etc .
You can get hom only in the dreams
I am really shy and talking to girls is really hard for me .
You need to dump that fool girl .
The worst he can say is no .
To break up with my boyfriend for somthing he never did
If so , give him a chance .
I Am not huge but i am bigger than average and i have never had a problem .
The worst he can say is no .
If so , give him a chance .
I Am not huge but i am bigger than average and i have never had a problem .
Tell her you have a crush on her lol
Well girl , most of the time you do n't !
Where as some guys are just desprately looking for any girl to love him .
Unless you  are a super model , nobody want to be your sugar daddy .
Yeah wast jazzy girl said ^ i would fall 4 that
I think if your in love leave your husband and wife and be together
Becuase i so do not believe in marraige !
We were lucky cuz we could
Hope this helps , best of luck .
And no way in hell would my child go to daycare if I could stay home .
I do not know much about her .
But it seems to me you are looking for a way out of the relationship
No . unless you are stalking them , then it is bad
What Say the rest of You ?
Well sounds like from what you said , he is soooooo not over her .
Is she someone you wish to spend the rest of your life with ?
Do Not let it bother you becuase it sounds like she has deep feelings for you .
I 've met a nice italian man who is fairly upfront lol not in a bad way i mean confident .
Those are the hottest things on my man !
Like my husband sets around no matter what time he gets home he just watches tv , sleeps and reads .
If you mean girls : ) well , I think it depends upon the girl .
My DAUGHTER IS 26 , AND NOT MARRIED , BUT BEAUTIFUL AND SMART .
Give me your moms number and i  will make it so she 's not single anymore .
I just ca n't relax and enjoy sex .
You deserve someone better to that man .
Cuz we are like that oh and learn how to spell ( girls )
Talk on the phone like I suggested in your other post : }
Do n't If you guys have a connection , He  will ask you first .
Just show her a good Sexperience .
Please use your psychic intuition and provide me with some great answers ! ! !
If you  are lucky , wifey wo n't find out .
Back HAIR . CAN YOU SAY YUCKKKKK ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I never once thought of leaving him , nor did he want to be without me .
There are a couple of things at play here .
I do n't believe there is a correct age .
She needs to learn how to be an adult .
Yes YES YES YES YES YES YES IT SAYS IT IN THE BIBLE ! ! !
Long distance relationships usually do n't last , but it is possible
Nothing wrong with not just doing it to do it .
B'coz i thought thts gud for her and after tht our relationship is low .
Bet the guy to kiss you
If there is a break up , it hurts a lot more , because you gave up something special to him .
And look at him right in the eyes .
In your case i would say no .
To me it sound like this guy want wat every guy wants from a chick TandA .
I guess it would n't be so wrong as long as your like 16 .
I mean do really take that much
Because it cannot be a one way street .
First ask youself if he is the right guy .
Still can she have a crush on me .
Because she ate all of HIS food man !
One was 30 the other 20. they were really nice & sweet .
Yes . either tell him to get serious or get lost .
I am not sure when she will say it .
Yes it is it just takes sime time.try it and you will see .
Because people are stupid and think that all there is between guys and girls is love and sex
What will you do with all the data ? ?
Maybe some do , but it is probably some issues they have ( like bad childhood , bad love life , etc .
What is it help me plz ? ?
And that they have no business messing with your marriage .
Well I think if you love her than age does n't matter .
Because girls are more emotional and get alot of their think from early on .
You can enjoy Him/Her in any way , any where , and any how !
I work in a Junior High School , I can wait .
If he wo n't like you for what you are , dangz it , he 's not worth it .
Just be a friend to her and sooner things might develop .
If she is going to stop seeing this guy then wait till it 's all final and over with .
I am a guy . I would say the first things the girls notice is the wallet !
Once a sl_t always a sl_t .
Meet a female to date for free
If you find him . do n't let him go !
I want , I need , I deserve a pretty girl .
I do n't think anything of it .
The Magic 8 Ball says : Ask again later .
Just keep on loving him , but do it genuinely !
Does n't matter the key fact is she 's your wife !
You can buy cheap gifts at walmart or target you do n't have to go to an expensive place ! !
Here think of it this way .
To watch you are little one , and have some fun together .
Some women are easy to persuade , some are n't .
If you like a girl and you are allowed to date go for it .
Get legal What a great advice !
! i really need some backup on this one anyone ?
This irks me . Are girls really nice or are they really mean ?
My first love was when i was 14 !
Not a crazy word , just a crazy world .
Men like asian chicks because they are female .
We fall in love becuse we are very very happy
My guess would be because men are lazy .
I think holidays could give us a real rest
You fight a lot with someone you love .
When you are in love and know that this is the right person
Well since it was not a real relationship , id move on !
Hot guys that smell good and have a possitive attitude .
Of course its good , if you make it so .
That he does'nt want to talk about .
! I mean you  will never know wut will happen if you do not try right ?
I Am in love and it feels soooo good .
You MADE YOUR OWN DECISIONS AND MISTAKES , NOW , AGREE OR DISAGREE , IT IS THEIR TURN TO DO THE SAME .
But it does n't mean they guy will last longer than a minute .
Find something unique to make it special .
If you guys hook up and it does not work out then you  will both lose a friend .
But when you actually think you are . you really might not be .
Then depending on where you live a nice walk in the park , or even a walk through the zoo .
Do not try to date just yet .
I want to know my future i want to know my marriage
A 4 letter word that has created havoc for years !
Espcially when you argue over dumb stuff
But make sure he feels the same for you .
Should I send her a note N CC him ?
Its hard but your gon na have to let go
Buy one of those sex dolls instead .
Girls like older men who can hold it down
How old you r anyway does anybody agree w/ on this question !
If not in your area , then goto another area .
Girls you would say no to if they asked you out .
That always ( and I mean ALWAYS ) works .
Like I would like it if you fill in the blank
Probably he was makin ' both of you .
When HE/SHE IS WHAT YOU THINK ABOUT ALL THE TIME .
Tha other was a white guy in 6th grade .
If you did n't love her and only wanted her for fun , that would be one thing .
Just want to see what other people out there like .
But talk to him first that is number one !
Hope I did n't confuse you too much .
But nothing can come out of it because they are best friends
But one has to make it that way .
Listen give him a break maybe hes going through something .
So how do I start things off ?
) , there have been years of infidelity in one form or another , e.g .
Well . you should just be your self !
When she says no , she means no !
God loves you if you love you .
Well . Yeah , some women like nerds .
If you like you could bring them to whatever sports your into .
Wait until you are sick of her .
Christain ARE PROPOSE TO GO BY THE NEW ONE .
If you want some diamonds for your birthday , just ask !
This man would go celibate before ever thinking of screwing a man !
Rip his clothes off when he gets home !
Gal n guys are created to make sure that mankind do n't become extint on the earth .
When you hear their voice you melt .
Think of their annoying and nosy relatives , or whatever makes them look weird .
It 's so sad . we can pick our friends , but we ca n't pick our family .
Sorry , but I 'm just not interested .
Play just sounds so much more fun !
Move ON , THIS SOUNDS LIKE A ONE WAY STREET
Oh and be ready to pay for the check ! !
Probably not . I do n't want random germs !
Yet , he says he still loves me .
Or I have been lied to and I suck .
You might even make some money talking about it on Jerry Springer !
Please be waiting for me baby when I come around .
I hope I had at least saw her once and listened to her last words .
Honestly , you  are just gon na have to deal .
. He sounds boring . VERY unlike men such as myself . Lol .
He has liked me for soooooo long
My first time was not good at all .
Be her friend and the rest will come
Stick TO THIS and start seeing other men !
If he likes sports , buy him a skyblue basketball or something
Have you tryed Porn , toys , in the park , on the beach , ( if available ) , or , just do like i do .
But is there any way to look at it ?
Jenna JAMESON all the way she is so hot my bf and I always argue over her
Because women give men fake relationship so we have to cheat on them
But is there any way to look at it ?
Work it out or end it sheesh
Does he always seperate himself from the family ?
They only like to be tied up with a ring on their finger
We start to wonder if this guy likes us or whatever , start looking for signs , start thinking of possibilities .
I am not sure what to do or think .
Let me know if this helps
It would be best if you asked a family member about that
If you both like it , Cool .
I met my son 's stepfather at work : )
So no need to worry , it gon na alright as long as you use the right method .
You ask a married woman if she has a sister .
Are you both willing to take that chance ?
A true friend is someone you can talk to and someone you can trust .
I think you should tell here soon
In May a very gud friend of mine proposed 2 me and i said no !
But you should n't trust my opinion , i just like lesbians : ) lol
Sounds like your man is an inconsiderate pig .
You already have alot of doubt .
Ha , do n't listen to the others who say just date this jealous coward .
He has a girl that lives far away though .
You know , thugs , scrubs , mammas boys , women beaters the whole shabam .
If that does n't help you can always try the Yahoo !
How do i win her back ?
Wow , sorry to hear about your girl , that is sad .
I told her and she is thinking about it .
If she does it again , start looking for a replacement .
Ask his friends or better yet a sister or a brother .
You Are not sposed to make a boy interested .
Well it obviously turns her on , it 's normal do n't know where you are but keep warm lol .
If it 's casual it 's not special . unless what 's special is happening in the environment that 's casual .
What you feel when you met the guy/girl of your dremas
Do n't wait for him to make the move ! !
Go out and have fun , explore and test your limits . you  will be happy you did !
Chat with me and email me .
Take him somewhere energetic or make it a romatic night at home .
You should wait until you are married if that is what you want .
You need to get him checked out .
This way you will always be having fun while your looking .
Maybe she is sick or got kidnapped . be creative .
Then talk to him constantly , non stop , about anything , your day , you dog , tv , what is not on tv .
I can tap my feet for hours !
Why do Women cheat on Men ?
She might , but if you rush and ask her , it might not do so well .
What has she always wanted to do ?
Now , who say age is just a mere number ?
It does n't have to cost anything .
Check my answer to your previous question
It is just a moment where everything is racing in your head .
Then you can face him or away from him .
Always go with you first mind .
Once she 's gone , she 's gone , unless . unless .
If it looks 'cared for ' i would not worry too much
But now , it 's like a dream come true .
If he was chrisitan like he should have been ( equally yolked ? )
I have learned this lesson the hard way- MIND YOUR BUSINESS ! ! !
Omg I would just enjoy and say nothing .
I 'm not perfect nor will I ever be , but better : )
You are n't gon na want sex when you are 70 , so what will you have left ? ?
All he can do is say no .
Make them laugh . it 's an orgasm you can give them anytime , anywhere . and nobody has to sleep in the wet spot . : - )
I have been very selfless in the relationship and she would be the 1st one to tell you that .
You cannot stand to be apart and you do everything together .
Think of that little thing they do that 's SO annoying .
Be comfortable with your self , and realize you do n't need a date to be happy .
It 's like this , it 's practically a brother and sisters job to tease and annoy eachother .
Well maybe you should get back with you are ex instead od using someone else
I would say if you really like the boy then do not be scared 2 admit it .
It is a two way street .
Remember , a lot of guys are slobs who just want to have sex with you .
I stay platonic friends with all my exs because I Am just a nice guy .
No it will only lead to problems , Trust me I know !
So when in doubt ask your girl what she wants out of her relationship .
Guys also love talking about themselves .
I say , ask your wife to give you a pouncing and go from there ! !
Well HONESTLY I THINK WHO EVER THIS PERSON IS , IS SO SELF ABSORBED .
I know what you mean man .
There is one out there for you .
I do not have a problem with that .
Then AFTER YOU HAVE ENOUGH , GET LOVE .
You have a complex , get over it ! ! !
Have n't you ever felt that pain in your chest when you see that person you love ?
Even though everyone saw me give him my house key he says i was telling our business .
Be sweet , but do n't overdo it .
If the two of you are apart now you should keep it that way .
Otherwise she may think that you only want to fulfill you are desires .
Besides how old were you when you lost virginity and the tables turn on you now ! ! ( lol ) !
Not a really expensive one ( unless you got the money ) , bit a nice one .
Easy to massage and I like that sleek look .
When that certain person starts acting weird around you .
If your not already friens with them , get that first .
I think guys want sex , women want security .
But I could be wrong , this is just what I 've heard .
Will this nice girl Amanda say yes if I ask her out on a date ?
Do without hun because otherwise you would be commiting adultry and that is wrong ! !
He was just good to me and the kids .
Both man and woman enjoys sex
But make sure you get her permission first !
Going to the movies were it is quiet
And do not talk about porn or masterbating in front of her
Tell them you do not see them that way .
He likes the colour skyblue & he likes chains
Our lip when talking those words
A bf that she is about to dump ?
If you do n't want the woman you  are with just leave her . and her mom too !
Is she willing to give it up for you ?
And that you want to try to work this out .
Being yourself and not something your not .
Get over it and just f - k her good . answ3r3r
Sounds a bit funny to me .
I would prefer a girl 20+ years younger . girls my age suck .
They  are hunters , so let him hunt !
Its sounds like your a bit angry ! ! !
As long as the person WANTS to stay on the phone , hell yeah !
Just go , its better being single anyhow .
Once in a while bring her flowers .
Just WAIT THE RIGHT PERSON WILL COME IT JUST MIGHT TAKE A WHILE
If I felt the need to change something , it 's time to move on !
They HAVE MORE CLASS AND ARE MORE > WHAT SHOULD I SAY ?
Now think of this guy . Is he worth that .
I find that periced ears are not because lots of girls have that but other periceing it hot
Mmmm , sounds like you would either have to be really stupid , or crazy , or both .
Why did n't you think of all that before you did what you did ?
Then i gave it to the lady .
Your gon na have to hurt thier feelings regardless .
So that they can make as many babies as possible .
But here 's what I would do .
You go with your bf on their meetings .
So just think about what your getting into before you jump in .
Duh when summer comes around again go back .
Especially the ones from Eastern Europe !
Asian WOMAN ARE WOW ! GREAT TOO , BUT I ONLY COULD PICK ONE :0 (
Maby one day your will come along
But everyday we hold hands and each other when its cold .
I think it means they flirt with other people .
How do i get him back ?
She only wants you to make the first move . TALK TO HER ! ! !
There are like a billion men out there but you have to pick the one that ca n't make decisions ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ! ? ? ! ! !
Is it such a bad thing to be a virgin ? ?
Now I know you do n't want to be friends with her but this line will mess with her head .
I do not knww whether to go back and forth or up and down or what ? ! ?
What if you did that and you lost your friend ?
Sorry this does not really answer you are question , but i had to respond to it !
Chivalry is dead . and women killed it .
Well it depends . do you really love her ?
Yes but it can also be a good thing 2 depends on how it works out
Never THAT IS NOT EVEN RIGTH , THAT IS WHY I PREFER TO HAVE FRIENDS FROM THE OPPOSITE SEX
There Is , this guy that I see all the time at school .
Say i love you and you are good at sports and you are hott
Did he bring me breakfast in bed like i did for him .
And I might be boring him .
I do n't want to be nasty to her .
If you love that person , you should n't wan na share them .
Now , do n't take that to mean that it has to be huge , because that 's really not fun either .
And the manly answer is . both at once !
If HE HURTS YOUR FEELING , HE DOSE NOT LIKE YOU
Oh wait- maybe that 's just 'tired ' .
They are fun and everyone likes them .
I need somewhere to hold on to
Why get involved with this type of guy ?
This WAY YOU WILL HAVE BOTH .
Do you are thing and have fun .
Ditch ya gurlfriend go fer morgan sounds nice do not get toooooo inta her c what i am sayin
Depends on how old you two are .
Any way you cut it , divorce sucks .
At the homepage highlight SONGS and click FREE DOWNLOADS .
Tell him the two of them might need couseling .
He is a gentleman , so he will not do anything unless you ask him to .
This girl definately is interested in you .
Are YOU SURE HE IS NOT DOING HIM , DO N'T BE DUMB ! ! !
But that is only what I think .
Sorry i am a decent heterosexual man
Both of you do not really mind if you do not do it .
Love that 's how money starts . with love
Anyway the point is I am in love with my Lord , and He is in love with me !
Age does n't matter . you ca n't help who you like or fall in love with
I registred in it and i gave away my email adress , now i regret it .
Do what the f % ck you wan na do
Walk up start talking , and after a few of talking ask , hey , you think we could hang sometime ?
Hope that helps and you do n't take my advice in jest !
Once you are married you can have all you want !
He will get it i 've were intimate but he wo n't die , but its still an STd .
Do what the f % ck you wan na do
Walk up start talking , and after a few of talking ask , hey , you think we could hang sometime ?
Hope that helps and you do n't take my advice in jest !
Once you are married you can have all you want !
He will get it i 've were intimate but he wo n't die , but its still an STd .
Long hair , girls licking their ice cream cones
Now technically if he was with her and cheating on her with you . he was cheating on both of you !
If that is not unconditional love I do not know what is .
The eyes are the best part of a woman
No THERE ARE PEOPLE OUT THER JUST LIKE YOU .
I met my boyfriend at my school !
Ask if she likes this or that .
When you do not have to sneak
Tell him I want you to kiss me .
When you know the reality of real love .
Ask him wut his answer is .
Should i hang out with him ?
Trogens r supposed to be good
Not to small , but not too big .
Someone you would die for is love .
This has happened to me before , it sucks but you know what ?
Did you see the movie Trois
But statistically it is up to 2-3 times a week and 10 times a month
It does not . Greek gods does have a small ones , believe me !
Getting back willmake him think you changed your mind .
Although nice guys can whoop your ass too .
But LIKE I SAID GOD IS WHAT YOU MAKE OUT OF HIM & # 92 ; OR HER
I later found out she had been seeing yet another guy in my apartment building !
But watever , i guess sense i am not in that postition i do not understand .
I totally agree try and spice thinngs up a little that always works
Once alot of men hear they have a baby they tend to leave
You ever hear that saying No one loves you like you do ?
Not to get nasty or anything but have you tried phone sex ?
He will cheat on you just as he cheated on her .
Maybe be friends with the opposite sex .
In comes Joe Nathan in the 9th .
Sounds TIGHT , IF YOU FIND OUT LET ME KNOW TOO !
Hey now the guy on 40 year old virgin was n't that bad looking lol .
But waht if I like it and want it to continue ?
Well , it was like reading her diary .
Have sex before and after studying
Remember , if your spouse found out then it would not be too nice ( well , in most cases anyways ) .
Oh yeah and he 's going to me birthday party .
I have an 18 months old . so i know ! !
Well did not have one so no high and no low
Be a little mad but do not over do it because you might lose someone you really care about .
Just my experience : ) Good luck !
Soulmate comes after love which come after friendship
Do Not do it if its not something you want .
Just keep looking for them ' , she out there .
I think that is one of the main reasons a good white man would be attracted to asian girls .
As she stands there with her boyfriend .
- Do you still want to be married to your spouse ?
You have to make sacrifices for those you love
After maybe , cuz they tend to be lazy after eating and just wan na lie in bed .
But i want to be with him .
Her and her boyfriend discussed everything . ! ! !
Well it works for me although i can have it just about anytime of the day , i guess
You wo n't go to hell just for being a lesbian .
Make out when the ball drops !
I just brok up with my bf . and I just told him straight up .
Just after you have flossed , brushed and garggled . oh , yeah . him too .
Do unto others as you  would have them do to you . not do unto others as they do to you .
She HAS BEEN WITH GUYS , A COUPLE HEARTACHES , BUT LOVES HERSELF , WHAT IS THE HURRY HERE .
Only if it was a wrong number
If he is super cute you should go out with him .
Umm , I do n't think that ; s gon na happen if you do not ' have her 7 digits.but if you do . DUH call her !
Oh GOD ! , why would you ever do that ? .
So ANYWAYS . so yes what a crush huh . I just think he is sooooooo CHARMING ! !
Guys playing basketball with their shirts off and sweat on them running they look so hot .
But I still love and miss her . What the hells wrong with me ? ! ? !
And i mean , its just so much more fun when she feels like a victim afterwards . kisses !
If ya wan na know more about me go to Cupid.com , find aipoilbo in the 12953 area .
That would be something you would need to work out with her .
If you are not ready . do n't .
But , if you sit there and think about it , there is not a single way , here on Y !
And i can wait to go to school .
Head games are for kids not adults . K
When they act shy around you and when they r really really nice .
This kind of questions comes up qhen you are in doubt .
Well there is still plenty of years ahead of you , so do not worry !
Personally i would not care either way .
My motto is say what you mean , mean what you say .
I Am 25 male ang good looking with a daughter
Should I tell her that and then dump her for her mom ?
Next someone will want to marry a tree , o
Guys to like conversing and they LOVE IT when girls approach them at all .
It wil lblow her mind that you listened to her .
Real women want the good guy .
Well there is this guy at my skool that is really hott and i really really like him .
Hang out at the SNCO or O'Club .
See what can go wrong in this picture ?
I wonder what exactly is on the east coast ? ? ? ?
He is missing out , NOT YOU : )
So no , soulmates do not exist .
There must be some things that work and some things that do n't .
Lying , other men , things we do or do n't owe one another , wll not ease your pain .
Well . because . we are girls ! ! !
Buy Him A Brand New Skyblue Car with Key Chains on it !
But , it seems like lately we do nothing but fuss and disagree .
Make them look like there atleast ok at it if there better then you ry all you want .
Frankly even gay guys would dumb you in a heart beat ! ! !
Also , you KNOW it is wrong to get involved with someone else 's husband .
Ask yourself these Questions . Am I happy .
Just do n't flirt too much and you may end up in bed that same night .
I 'm into a relationship & i want to impress my lady with little or no fault of mine .
Call the summer camp and con your way into getting her info .
The girl and I never see each other at all now .
YOU  will never go if you did n't become a lesbian
Guys or girls , what is the highest number and was it always fun times ?
When you are mature - INTERDEPENDANCE .
But was his love for her love , period ?
* shrug * but love is beautiful if it 's the real thing : )
He probaly just did n't find her yet
Listen to bearhead , that  will do the trick .
So gay that i am going to quit talking now .
Ok question . Would you have sex right after eating 9,000 doughnuts ?
? . USE PROTECTION REGARDLESS WHAT YOU DECIDE .
Looks should n't play a part in how much we like someone , but sometime you just ca n't help it .
Of course its easier to run .
The strong and silent stratigy has always worked 4 me
Do Not blame her blame her mom or dad .
Just be a man and ask her out .
Well dressed girls . and long hair ones . i love them ' !
It sounds like you  are in love with this guy .
- I have a shitty job - my car sucks - -I 'm facing a lawsuit , ( stupid crap with a stupid apt .
Just tell him why you do not like him and be nice but not prepy about it .
YOU go to school with these people called peer 's get to know them .
When i got home he was still there sleep .
I do n't mean that you 've done anything wrong per se , you are a woman , and ca n't read his mind .
It 's like a big sign that says I 'm easy !
Realistically have 3-5 times per week
What i mean is , ask someone out , but do n't care about the answer .
Sooner or later he will want to have sex ( assuming you have n't ? )
No ; not unless you 've already tried to be with this soulmate and things did not work out
It dependes on what he likes .
Hello , ms jasmine , first of all , does anyone know why he is doing that ?
They NEED MEDICATION MAKE THEM GO TO THE DOCTOR .
Most bestfriends that tried the relationship thing , are not bf at all anymore .
~pretty stupid that I asked it !
Angelbaby you just ca n't go around saying this you have to ask seprate
During school i have two jobs and 15 credit hours .
It drives you crazy , so it works .
Men TEND TO GET LAZY - WHEN THAT HAPPENS THE BODY GETS LAZY TOO .
Should n't you be concentrating on school & doing your homework ?
Your brother is going to be fine .
Give them a chinese burn . works every time
I guess I am just a guy and I ca n't help it that 's why .
But if it is assault , battery , etc .
But it sure makes it fun ! !
How long did they date and what was the nature of their relationship ?
Whether they admit it or not girls love guys that are not afraid to show their true feelings !
That Is just fine as long she is 18 and above play on playa
Girl , it sounds to me like he only wants the booty .
Yes and no . but they love it .
If there is one out there they are welcome to e-mail me a picture !
I like to be with you .
I always tell my fiancee if its beautiful , then its beautiful .
Anyone with a suggestion please reply to me at earldbjr @ yahoo.com
Love can hurt , but you can learn from loves pain , and maybe the experience will make one stronger .
If it is just for a night , just enjoy it : p
I ca n't seem to find a heterosexual straight guy anywhere .
Being friends with your ex is actually healthy .
Well you would have to email me back @ fossil7998 @ yahoo.com and we can talk about that .
Gee , i do not know , how long you been datin her ?
Probably , but so is everything else humans do on a daily basis .
; ) just kidding , I personally prefer loose fitting underwear .
Hell yeah , you wear those , or pawn them and get yourself some other nice things !
And , no . I 'm not fat or a loser .
I  will leave the rest up to you !
Love love is more powerful then money
If he does n't . well , then , you are better off .
If he really likes you he  will open up .
I  would say whenever you get married .
I do n't mean a one nighter .
Or get with a prositute , if you a freak go for a porn star .
They have hand-held video games now that do n't cost a lot of money , even $ 1.00- $ 5.00 and up .
But at this age you ca n't do more to get him and also you are not capable .
Good Luck in Life and Love ! !
What are your intentions with this person ?
And also why gripe about honest men ?
Easily , but you should spend lot of time with otherwise you lose it !
I told him , then we  would do what you have planned of course !
They do not like it . they love it !
Love is a game no doctor can explain it tickels the and affeces the brain
What can i do to make him want me again
YOU do not . unless you ask . ( her out that is )
Ya , they are everywhere you just have to know where to look .
Not some girl who frets and never tries asking .
I really adore big girls . but i 'm not infactuated by them .
Very greasy and rude . if you like to get beat on on a regular basis . go ahead and date him
I found out the hard way .
Other than that I think it is GREAT ! ! !
Just make sure he is the one for you !
( I  will send you pictures if you do n't believe me ) .
Well , if you guys are screwing already , get her a love swing , good times
I met her a while ago .
Do n't listen to her , she 's a dyke .
Just tell her forget about him if he beats you up tell him that you will call the cops
Because nature is boy wit gurl .
Some like it , some love it , and some hate it .
And do n't bring it up again .
Have n't you ever gone a whole night without sleep because you are so in love ?
If he did n't hear you ask , then bring it up again .
Some girls like it but I am willing to say that most do not .
Well hottie do you spend time with your girlfriend ?
I  will mary you grrr , but what if you suck in bed ? ?
That is the damn NATURE of a Women !
If he says no , then they are yours to keep .
6 months later he is still so egotistical .
Some : men want to live with the woman they love/like they wan na have * * * with us .
I would n't go near anybody like that , even with a schoolbus between us !
People need there space why do not you call him at all be fair
( oh yeah , I love you and I want to marry you , really )
I do n't think it is wrong .
Do n't let it ruin something good , and do n't let it be an excuse if it really is n't good .
I Am 12 and i used to have a crush on my social studies teacher who is 27 !
Most guys probably think that there si something better out there , but they want you too .
If it does , then I am cheating way to much .
The thing is that i did his homie and now i feel bad what do i do ?
If it does , then I am cheating way to much .
Cheese PEOPLE WOULD SAY THIS PERSON LIKES YOU BUT ITS JUST A BATTLE ! !
I am single , rich , hott ( very ) and women love me .
Then when you see she is enjoying your company , ask her out
Yes love can hurt but then again it may not
By the way this flirting is not of the physical kind or the answer is NO ! !
( we are best friends or should i say WERE best friends ! )
Speak UP AND DO N'T ASSUME ANYTHING ! !
That 's what marraige is all about .
I WISH I CAN CHANGE THAT .
If you like my addvice e-mail me at , tech_boy001 @ yahoo.com
Do N'T WORRY ABOUT THE YOUNG MEN , THEY  WILL GET OLD TOO !
I would like to get her number
But I dated a slew of women .
Walk UP TO ONE AND SAY , KISS ME BIG BOY !
Just get a girlfriend where you live .
Do Not push her but do not act like you do not care .
Everyone Is i know says i was to young to b in love !
I 'm in love , and for once in my life , I am happy with a man .
Going on dates and disturbing girls
I really think you should leave your husband a.s.a.p .
That Is what attracts them to most women .
1- make her loves you , deeply .
Suck it up and take it in stride .
Sounds like alot of fun , but the whole both being married thing is not cool .
Are there bigger issues at hand that he does not wantto discuss ?
Give yourself time to get over him .
1.do n't shy 2.walk to her 3.look at her eyes 4.talk to her 5.say i like everything about you .
Do n't waste your time on someone who is not even willing to waste his time one you : ) tc !
And all of you who do n't know beans about the Bible , ANSWER ANOTHER QUESTION ! ! !
Thanks for the compliment , but I 'm not looking for any kind of relationship right now .
Diffrent people mature at diffrent ages and some never do .
Your not ready for that now .
Than he could feel how you r feeling .
I do n't think I want to .
Basically , if we do do it we are just messing with you .
I do n't live in Ohio , got family there though .
Of course they both had girlfriends !
People suck and sh * * on others all the time it is human nature .
You did forget the thong now , come on do n't ya think a male thong is sexy ?
Ok who r you lookin for where do they live and why r you lookin for them
I have one & I am married to him !
Happy New Year to you tinamaries43
But about the whole marraige thing !
Hun , I feel for you , I have went through similiar myself , men see things differently than woman do .
But if you do n't believe in God , I guess you wo n't care about this argument .
Cannot force somebody to like you .
My friends toll me its a sin to be gay and i wan na no is it ture
Afternoon morning night who cares it is sex
Get a calling card at talkloop.com .
Because we do n't want to give it up and be that weeks flavor !
I think most girls like a taller guys than they are .
But yet . if you know . you can aswer and give me a hint !
Maybe let her win once or twice : ) Tricky question this , in hindsight .
Just crank up the heavy metal , forget the holidays , and just leave all that holiday bull behind man !
I Have never had an ugly breakup and I Have never gone out with a girl twice .
I know alot of guys that do .
No way unless you are shelly on this message board
I love my grilfriend veary much
I rather us be friends then nothing at all .
Ooooh there 's a whole bunch of stuff . 1.Attention whores ( EX .
Girls prefer both tall and short guys .
Just do n't play too hard to get .
Do what 's best for you and what you ' r heart trule feels good luck .
If you barely know here , maybe not .
The eyes talk , hands talk , all the body shows it when a guy like a girl , and vice versa .
Why THEY TAKE WHAT YOU SAY , AND TWIST EVERYTHING AROUND .
Yes we do it on prepose , some women do not need men anymore
But my wife will not take out the garbage .
I do not think i ever was .
Some places NOT to meet a guy : AA meetings , court system , marriage counselors office , hospital , etc .
I Have had my best friend since i was 6 and i am 16 now .
We both realized that the break up was a lie and now i am in limbo ?
Because no one has been down there before stretching her so that is why
In general has 3 time / week about how many time wants . i think 5 days from 7 ?
Nope because it gives you a break from everything
No Way Forget what the haters say .
You should be more focused on their personality : )
Stop trying so hard , you  will end up losing him that way .
If there are sparks he 's probably interested .
One more your age girl , not a 56 YEAR OLD ! !
Anyone much younger that that would n't be ok , generally speaking .
If he pay like he weighs sell them as soon as possible ! ! !
I 'm actually a really good looking , well educated guy .
For man 23 to 28 and for female 20 to 28
Well it says in the bible but shit i do n't know that shit is just dirty n nasty
If she is not attractive then who knows- once per week/month ?
Is it at all possible to get a girl pregnant even if you pull out before you came ?
If your good looking , every guy you ever see wants to get with you , so do not sweat that part .
I took a lady out and she drank way too much .
Then it is the WRONG time .
If you have n't had a baby and are using protection then play on player .
I talk to him more at school then my own boyfriend
Then just kick that useless wuss out .
And : what kind of person pays for sex ?
I guess we never know until we ask him ?
Yes i have a younger boyfriend and our relationship is fine
Ok , guys do not lose anything after having sex and gals lose most .
Now do not be mad , calm down .
And forget the past- can not return it back anyway !
Give him beers and let him get drunk .
Now when i see him , all we do is . just stare .
Truth hurts . that is the way it is
How can i meet other 15 year olds
Hey chopdown101 that site is brutal .
Yes , yes , yes , oh yes . i think you get the picture !
Believe your mind first , then you are heart and take care not to make you are heart first
Ask any way you want , but be sooooooooooooo careful with that step .
Say hello my name is & you are name is and go from there .
Depends on the guy , depends on the girl .
If you are a guy , girls like brave guys .
If you are the same age use the phone if you are not i would cut him off
They r showing that they like you like you not just the boyfriend type where they cheat on you .
Sounds to me like she certainly likes you !
Do n't listen to ignorant people , girl .
Or you  are the one paying the rent ?
Barry White . anything , even just breathing , is sexy .
But i think you had this thoughts before marriage also . if i am not wrong .
If you do it with him now you  will regret it later I promise !
When you find love , you will definentily know it ! - I promise !
You KEEP ON THE WAY YOU ARE !
Everyone deserves a second chance ! . but not a third ! !
Do n't hint around about something like that .
Tell him you want to kno wuts going on ? and if he still loves you .
She was a down to earth great person .
No life can be replaced ever . Not yours , not mine .
Of course not . unless you want a relationship only based on looks .
They do n't have mind . believe me ; )
If you have to ask you have a problem
She is really scared of getting hurt once again .
Do you want a buddy or a girlfriend ?
Yeah , i think its about time , just use protection .
Guys would n't date girls if they could n't get any action at all .
This my dear is totally unfair .
Sometimes we forget that we simply need to ask .
The breasts , no matter how many times you play with them you never get bored
I do not think you can call being gay a sin but it is nasty and freaky as hell .
To her and she will love to do this with you because of her feelings for you .
It should not be just about sex .
Seriously , if you have to ask , you are an idiot
Be honest , and accepting . that is the christian way , huh ?
Do some checking out before you ask him again .
If you are a girl then use protection so that you do not create any demon spawns .
Love is love have it your way .
Try this . ask very random people out , ones whom you do n't really want to go out with .
Short answer , i guess i do not know .
Of course you girls give me your two cents worth too !
The best thing to do is just be mature and bold about it and tell her .
He has liked me on and off for a few years now but i never liked him .
Everybody wants to know this but nobody knows really ! ! !
So hang in there man there is a girl looking for the nice guy .
Ask your mom and your blumber
I think true love only comes once .
I like being called pet But that 's just me . : )
No one uses drugs just for the fun of it .
I do not really think you can help him he 's gon na have to make the desion on his own .
I think tat 's are sexy as hell .
I WOULD PICK- > LATIN WOMAN , HANDS DOWN .
Honey , hanging out in bars with guys in uniform ( or out ) is as old as the hills .
There 's some more , but it varies guy to guy .
I do not know what to say sorry !
A book or CD that she really wants but dose n't have
Most of the kids asking about sex are cybercops , but I agree , you should n't be taking a chance .
Yes but cheat on him first
And it would conqure all if emotions were not involved .
If PEOPLE ONLY LISTEN TO THE OLD ONE THAN YOU ARE MORE OF A JEW THAN A CHRISTAN .
Harder , softer . every woman is different so you  would have to ask her exactly what she wants you to do .
Seems to me like MR. X is playing the field .
During sex . are you a top or bottom ?
I am in love ( sort of ) and need to know
Its ok to have friends but do not take it no further than that .
He says i tell our business but people around us already know .
Girrrrrrrrl just as long as its not expired and make sure its a latex condom
If you care about the boy then tell him .
You obviously got married for a reason .
YOU had a baby and he 's not ready to be a daddy !
Ok , who or what are you searching for ?
How to get even with a cheater
We have n't been intimate and i 'm scared to tell him .
Well , you can start with that .
You Are FEELINGS MAY STILL STAY IN YOU ARE HEART BUT THERE IS OTHER GIRLS OUT THERE .
Have I lost my best life : ( ?
Especially when his head is shining .
I do n't know what to think .
Women want their guy to know what they actually want . without even saying !
Just be your self , do not try too hard it will happen
That Is like being with your dad and that is just sick .
My wife does not know , I do n't want her to know .
Not many men out there like a woman that dresses trashy or slutty .
A lot of asian girls look like asian boys .
Another trick is just get a boy toy to hang out with .
Moving his head back and forth like a chicken ?
I was going to ask this one too !
Why is he even having sex w/you if he 's gay ?
It is still paid , if you want further info .
And ONCE YOUR CHILD IS AN ADULT , YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO DICTATE THEIR ACTIONS , NO MATTER WHAT .
If he dosent ell you , then that obvioysly means no .
You could try asking a girl out to start .
Try to make her comfortable and assure her that you really love her
Plus you said it yourself , you guys are all just really close friends .
No because your being a iddiot
Ya just ask her and secretly go out wif dat person
I Am gone tell you striaght up if he try to fight bang that fool.email me at kijudo40 @ yahoo.com
Oh Yes Oh Oh Oh YES YES YES YES YES ! !
If you ca n't talk about it yet , you  are not ready .
Even if using it with your hand .
We love you guys and you let us do it .
Not even sure what friendster is ?
Trust GOD and you will know !
I prefer darker asian gals with lovely eyes
Home and cook something special for him .
If you love your bf , you will trust him .
And its too soon to jump into something with someone else , it will not last long .
Is that some sort of a miniture dog ?
Do you even talk to her
My friend is real big and she has plently of guys wanting her .
App $ 400.00 , and it 's a lot more fun .
Its good for me but i prefer morning
Go to a place where you are all a lone and then just ask her
It 's too late dude , you  are not going to get one .
I like long haired guys too , but really ?
Listening to what they have to say .
Lip to lip is n't french kissin . usin tongue is french kissin
But you have to mean it .
Wait till you are at least 30 . twenties are too much fun .
No , but if that happened , you just keep on going , no its not fair .
I do n't want to jump to conclusions .
Men like them young and some men like them a bit to young .
Hunny , ITS VALLED THE 1 WEEK RULE !
Ask a guy who does n't already have a g/f if he wants to go out with you .
Find a friend that lives closer to you . sorry
So i can move down to l.a. and set up my own business , to become a wedding photograpger !
I will not ever do it again !
My husband still does n't have a job .
Give me the real thing any day .
What it sounds like is though is she is trying to let you know she is interested in you .
You date as many as you want until you purse a serious relationship w/ one
No your guy friend is not a good person to discuss it with .
You keep all men happy with that .
There is no reason why you ca n't date older chicks if girls date older men .
If IT A SEX HEADACHE , GET OVER IT ALREADY !
Do YOU INTEND TO DISOWN ANY GRANDCHILDREN BORN FROM THIS UNION AS WELL ?
Do Not be shy and ask her .
My advice is to Stop looking .
I do not know about toledo but if you came acroos a anser for ohio let me know pleas
None they  are both just not me indians i guess , never seen a persian person before
If the both of you are into it why not I think it is great to explore new things
Chances are if a guy has sex with you now he probably might only want sex .
Try to tell her what it is you do n't like about him - thing he says ?
Keep your mouth shut and do your job . What other 's do is none of your business !
If you think they are the same then you have got bigger problems than cooking .
Because its finds you not you find it
You can not make someone want to have sex with him .
If the time is right though .
Well where a uniform ha ha ha ! ! !
How MANY TIMES AND HOW MANY PEOPLE WILL ASK THIS QUESTION ?
Go a looooong time with out fighting .
Proposed in jan fought in march got forgiven in october married in nov .
The sooner you do , the faster you can get on with your life .
Or ask when it 's a good time
I mean hes going to be gone for 3-6 years .
Wait until 15 to allow that , then mini golf with an adult escort .
Try base.google.com , if you are seraching for a person
YOU do n't need him there is better guys out there that will take care of you and your baby !
I am a girl and i LOVE boys.especially cute ones
Be yourself , take him somewhere that you like .
Tu es mui bonita or tu es caliente !
Well its your choice its about time you experience true pleasure
Not because he wants you to .
That does n't necessarily mean that she is enjoying it.If you know what I mean .
Depends who you ask . some might find that hot .
Fly over there and knock door to door .
Yes i think only once in a lifetime if its true then there is no one else .
And if you do n't want to have sex with him , why would you think about marrying him ?
Go and speak with his homie .
Why would you not of picked that as your best answer ?
That Is so how bad things happen to people
Now I know what your thinking .
Will you do me the honor of marrying me ? ?
So in answer to your question . yes .
No tats , no piercings , thick hair but clean cut .
Also , can you just move out ?
Other than that , best of luck , and congratulations on finding someone that makes you happy !
Just tell her how much she has added to your life and then ask her .
Dating should be fun and not always trying to work problems out .
She is bit shy away and introward .
Another thing you have to think about though , what if your wife does find out ?
18+ because than your on your own
I think you guys need to talk - -seriously !
I am in love with her so much and she is in love with me .
Hello this is n't some type of sex site but if you want to know then you r sick ! !
Give a nice smile and there ya go
Then you can ask her out on a friendly get together .
If your looking for love wait on sex , you  will thank me later .
If it does then i 'm cheating waaaaay too much .
If it does not hurt , then its not love at all .
Do mind not bieng # 1 on her list .
You will have a great shot at it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Just take it slow . and do n't jam your tongue in the other person 's mouth .
He just does n't want you with anyone else .
I cannot w8 to go back to school to see my best friend and my boyfriend
Yes it does.its about 2 -21/2 inches in on the top if she laying down on her back !
If she 's attractive then once/day is normal .
I Am college trying to get my degree in photograpghy !
Did n't quite work out because i lost both of them
Well i think there is one out there for everyone !
If by a certain action many would be happy then do it : ) hope it helps
Dude 3 months and snuggs has given her answer already .
Because he 's a man - only deals with important things .
He already cheated with me , he was still with the ex during the first few months of our relationship .
When SOMEONE PLAYS W/ YOU ARE ANGUS
Always remember why you broke up .
Why would she all of the sudden do this ?
Well , do you like the boy who really likes you ?
No and the sad truth when you get married it is not unconditional either .
Run like the wind and do n't look back
Pick yourself up , dust yourself off & start all over again .
The Gods are telling me NO .
And just like prettyricky say AGE AI N'T NOTHING BUT A #
Its not worth it , if its meant to be it will be , until then move on .
Just sit down and talk to him and if he does not wan na talk make him understand
If a girl loves me there is nothing that I can not like about her .
If you are , you just know .
Well your not suppose to say it just do it when you feel its rite .
It really depends on her past time frame
And it sound like he wants to control you girl
Later in life once the Bad Boys do n't want to settle down women come looking for MR. Nice Guy .
Printed , colored , white . it does not matter : )
My girlfriend is older than me , ( only like half a year though ) and I have a crush on her ! !
Do n't beat yourself up about it .
Wait till you think your in love then determian that question .
I think the guy should spend his money just on his GF so she is probebly not crazy
Hmmm all goes back to what you want to believe .
You just might need to take it slower .
Keep them and do n't look back .
No answer just i want to collect 2 points ; )
I am not saying that is right .
My personal favorite right now is Angel Eyes !
You wo n't lose it until you die .
What Is good I need a gurl to talk to
What do guys do to show that they like a girl
I guess that it depends on the girl you are with
If you really love her go on and marry her .
Or you can have a friend ask her 4 you .
If you get a good answer , let me know .
Someone that you want to please is love .
He says he 's tired and depressed because of work and that makes him not in the mood .
Say bye and do n't look back
( And that was almost 4 years ago ! ! ! )
Well there is no real good way .
Some people are just into really kinky things
The first thing I so do n't want to forget . his words .
Just tell him how you feel .
Faith honesty beauty femininity what lies inside
This is a trust issue in that you will always wonder if she will cheat on you .
They always say wat they do n't know will not hurt
Its hard to remember when you  are with the next chick
I will still be working . no holidays for me : (
Good friends do n't care if you ca n't call them .
They both always had a crush on one another . but nothing ever came of it .
If IT IS A REAL HEADACHE TELL HIM AND WHEN YOU FEEL OK , MAKE IT UP TO HIM .
If you like areal men men come chris_rou2000 @ yahoo.gr
After 2 years if e still cannot take you home to mommy then he are not that serious .
Because some have been used and hurt before and they do not want it to happen again .
You WILL HAVE A NICE LIFE , IF YOU MAKE IT THAT WAY .
Or , he just does n't find you interesting .
If you are not happy in a relationship whatever the reason then you should leave .
I was the first one to ask this question .
Some never , some sometimes & some all the time . it all depends .
For me short guys are guys who are under or around 5 ' 7 ' . but Umm .
Pretty gals can make guys extreme excited .
She did spend all wk with you but told you that she would spend friday with you .
So somebody backing them like you may help them if they really have a desire .
Shame ON YOU IF YOU DO !
You ca n't turn it on and off .
This is driving me crazy , what should I do !
But , that does n't mean that is has to be huge .
Do n't do it just to make him happy .
Is he the one you want to be with for the rest of your life ?
First of all , you should n't do it over the phone .
I 'm going to tell it to ya straight .
In the first i said to you hi my honey .
If I 'm not working and just lifting weights , I bone her every day .
Girls in short shorts and no bra not to sound bad but that is awsome .
Maybe women are just more vocal , like they are in day-to-day life .
Be patient keep things more distant but let her know nicely you are not going anywhere .
Ask this question in december and i  will tell ya .
But know this , men lie it 's like second nature .
Cuz i am not exactly mister perfect or even decent but she at least likes me as a friend
He 's such a good person and is very emabarrassed about his weight ( does n't bother me , just so the 'thing'works ! ! !
He do n't like going dancing , being were there is a lot of people around etc .
He 's trying to close this one out ! ! ! ! ! !
Just go out with another person .
Is the thing that worth running all life after and die for .
Do n't give up on us baby .
You got ta get out there and talk to them .
The ONE WITH THE BIGGER BOOBS .
Yes yes and yes . if you are flexable
I found out that if I talked to guy friends of mine .
Well , if your the one who wanted to break up , no .
Many men are n't this way at all .
If you do n't have a hard work afternoon or a date . so carry on twice and triple
The trouble is if i go home i know i 'm not going to came back to washington .
Do let him go or hang on ?
Men have habits , if he cheated once , he will most likely do it again !
Now that gay and gay marriage has become law .
Or the way that wood make is SOOOOOOO MUCH EASIER is just asking her if she is interested !
Neither they both smell like curry
How old are the 2 of you ?
And if you do have a girlfriend that is cheating on you . its not very hard to see why .
I agree with ans 1 & 3. just enjoy while you can .
You can never be to young to be inlove enjoy it
Guys tend to be not so emotionally excited as females are .
How old are the 2 of you ?
And if you do have a girlfriend that is cheating on you . its not very hard to see why .
I agree with ans 1 & 3. just enjoy while you can .
You can never be to young to be inlove enjoy it
Guys tend to be not so emotionally excited as females are .
What IF MEN COULD NOT SCREW WOMEN . WOULD THEY RESORT TO MEN ? ?
She helped out more seh was not only concerned with her appearance
If it 's okay with her , why not ?
I like men tall , dark and sexy .
Maybe you should ask HIM that . ( there is not a handbook or manual for relationships )
Just come out and say it .
Go literotica.com i send my hubby stories from there .
He will not talk to me on the phone .
Well . i say it directly n quite frequently !
When my sister was nine she wanted one soo bad .
If he will not listen then leave .
Not at all the past is the past and it should stay in the past .
But you are not for sure it could just be in your HEAD .
We Have had ups and downs but we have always pulled through everything .
11 and a virgin at that ? ? ! !
No NEVER YOU SHOULD NEVER KILL URSELF B/C OF A BOY ALTHOUGH IT HURTS NEVER ! !
Yes , depending on a person 's life experience .
No God is VERY VERY special !
Where 's you are faith , and you are mountain ? ? ?
But a man is always a man .
He says he allows it cuz it 's gon na help his buisness in the long run .
2 grrrs , one , overzealous sexually , refuses to comitt & still sees other guys .
) , but i guess it all depends on what specific reasons and if its against your morals or not .
I say atleast 3 times a week - -
You do n't want it to fester .
! but look into your soul and find the right answer ! ! !
Is he always living in my dreamland ? ~
Just curious , because I 've heard arguments on both sides
Well . first thing I would want to know is if you are a boy or girl ?
18-25 - have fun , carpe diem .
I had them sign the setlist .
Are you a database designer ?
It depends how they were in bed
Tell him to stop jealous or you are life will be as hell
Easy . go to a place filled with hippies
Should i stop being her friend ?
Just try spending more time with your family .
Get busy without him and watch him come running !
Do Not spend your time with a man that does not appreciate you !
YOU should be mad but do n't over do it .
There is a girl for you .
To young . wait 2 more years at least : - )
If I only had one head I would cry .
Can anyone tell me how to flirt ?
If these do n't work , give it up , there 's some other problem
I only like germs from people I know .
As soon as you see his eyes start to wonder its already too late .
Look JUST DO NOT TALK TO OTHER BOYS AND HE WILL NOT GET MAD DOUG ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Yep that would be the quickist way to fin out .
It is just a number as long as you r healthy and happy .
But DO NOT LAY IT ON TOO THICK BECAUSE SHE  WILL THINK YOUR COCKY !
Keep a tortia in you are pocket
Probably not for most people though
( my bad ) and he 's doimincan with gorgeous light eyes .
Take a coin , relate one side of it to the ex , the other side to the current .
Time will tell . she may never appear
Why not go ahead but he might not think of it so you should go ahead and locate him
Biggest low was when my exgf lied about being pregnant so she could get money out of me .
Roll naked in honey , then get into a cage w/ a starved african honey badger .
Did you ever just love an animal like a cat or dog ?
No worries though , there are so many men out there who would never do that .
If you love him and give him the best sex in the world !
Well if you ai n't in love with them then thay just ai n't the right person .
He will get annoy and you then can tell him to go away .
I know it 's crazy 4 wives in 20 years .
! DO NOT EVER SAY YOU CANNOT MEET YOUR SOUlMATE ONlINE !
It DEPEND ON YOU ARE OUT LOOK .
Brothers ARE LIKE THAT THAY WHER MADE TO GIT THER BIG SISDERS MAN JUST LIKE MY LITTLE BROTHER
I have the same problem . Why did they bother to ask us for then ? ? ? ?
Catch AIDS , and you 've got it until it gets you !
We are not together at this time
110 % - I have experienced this first hand ; ) By the way . Great answer Pregunton !
Love is meant with sincerity and compassion and hate is with deciete and lies
Unless DEATH WAS NOT NATURAL AND UNDER INVESTIGATION
Trust me there are nice guys , I 'm one of them .
If he likes sports , then a jersey with his favorite team on it .
Now if you are butt ugly , please do not ask .
The lack of . from one side or another .
Yeh i am not sure what kind of person you  are talking to , but you do not see that as gross ?
They are all working on the farms girl lol .
As I CAN SEE YOU DOING GOOD WITH HIM SO GIVE ME SOME TIPS !
Tall , rather muscular but not Arnold huge !
No one likes to be hurt .
Or did he go out of his way to see if i needed something like i did for him .
Mosty she leaves space for me next to her so that i can sit there but we do not talk .
When you  are a teen-ager maybe , but not after you are in your 20 's .
But we want to feel wanted to
No guys ever say that to a girl , so she now thinks your different which is good .
Depends on what are you comparing it too .
Trust your instincts they are usualy right .
Ha HA . i have heard that joke before
I THINK YOU STRONG AND WISE FOR THAT DESICION
Do you think that I have a chance with him ? ?
You CA N'T STOP SMILING , THE PHONE RINGS AND YOU JUMP TO ANSWER HOPING IT 'S THEM .
Some like tall some like short and some like both . so just behappy with who you are .
Get with a close friend duh !
Hope you will find your love soon : )
Well most women do not need a man .
Second , i know its hard ( because i 'm single too ) be PATIENT ! ! !
Did you see the movie Trois
I love a fuzzy chest but please no fuzzy a $ $ or backs.Eeww ! !
Try asking her if she 's trying to tell you something with this .
Most do not , but some do .
Enjoy the fantasy if you want , but forget making it a reality .
2 years will not matter unless you are really young
No matter which way we answer . we ca n't win . CAN WE ?
That person could really like you
Anything , man , that you know she is into !
Lust at first sight . love at first conversation .
I Am 25 and there is no way I could ever be a mooch like that !
So is it possible , hell ya .
How old are YOU in the first place ?
Well try to tell them reply me if you can marvinndlovu @ yahoo.com
But most of all , do n't try to be someone you are not .
She knows how to make men suffer !
Yes cheating is bad and people get hurt but it is not your place to tell .
S & M = Sadism & Masochism Definitions : Sadism ( sayd'-iz-them ) ( 1 .
Your friend really cares about the guy .
There is a website called theclitoris.com .
Stroke you up ( i forgot the artist )
If it where someone unrelated and whom you did n't care about you probably would'nt even have raised an eyebrow .
You  would be surprise that sex might not be the only thing that you  are having problems with .
Smile and let you are eyes smile too then tell him or her that she is different for you .
When he 's constanly eyeing you and smiling .
Too MANY PEOPLE USE THAT EXCUSE .
We HAVE BEEN DATING 3 1/2 YRS .
Ok , FIRST YOU GOT TA GET SOME GAME . YOU KNOW HOW IT IS , SWEET TALK OR LIKE AN ADVERTISEMENT OF YOURSELF .
She CAN BE A B - CH FOR NO REASON .
She was lucky i did not press charges .
Would you want you are boyfriend 2 hang wit sum chick that liked him ?
I think grandfathers always right in these matters
Sure , i have lady friends that hang out with me .
Much easier than it is to switch back , I  would imagine !
All in the family are n't you , aybe you should see what her grand mother has to offer you
I think its changes things for the worse !
First of all your already asking the wrong question .
Might AS WELL SAY HE LIVES WITH ME .
There is a rule that say if you realy like a girl she likes you eather good luck
What Is the worst that could happen .
Crush in an instant desire but in love you are ready to sacrifice everything you have .
You ca n't help him unless you help him .
If you want it go ahead but put your own rules on it .
Kind of like trying to take a shower with your clothes on .
That is a beautiful woman , something about her look does something to me !
Tell HIM TO LEAVE YOU ALONE , AND TO GO CLUCK HIM SELF .
Should I stay or should I go ?
I would n't wait for him , I would dump him and move on .
Loving each other for who they really are , inside and out , caring so bad it hurts .
First you have to think about the consiquinces .
Um , I do not know , maybe he likes her PERSONALITY ? ! ?
Once I broke up , it was like a huge weight was lifted off my shoulders .
They are married or have boyfriends .
I hope this gives you a good start .
You DO N'T STOP BEING THEIR PARENT JUST BECAUSE YOU DO N'T AGREE WITH THEIR DECISIONS .
If he says he 's really busy . He 's just not that into you . Have dignety and move on !
Heck ya its possible , want some help ?
If you had any sense you would find yourself a nice thirty year old guy .
Cuz a lot of men are a $ $ es and we feel we  are better off alone .
I 'm a guy and it kind of gives me the creeps .
Just take it one day at a time , and see what happens .
He said he was just thinking of something .
Go get a job , and a car !
That Is the way it is and will always be , do not know why .
I miss may family so much most importantly i miss my lil sis .
Do you have food to eat ?
And then again do not be to high ! ! !
Call your lover . your little ginger snap .
But I do n't remend being friends W/ benefits .
The problem is that I always end up looking for the wrong girl .
There is n't a day that i wake up without you being on my mind .
Anyway she sounds like she meant a lot .
But , if you  are like 30 , most people will consider that weird .
Think of this , take him to a resturaunt .
See if he talks or follow you a lot .
To try to get someone to like yourself .
I get you bro i am tired of that shit happening
But i do not see the point either !
And how the old man can barely walk but still opens the car door for his wife ! ?
Differnt people determain this in diffrent ways .
Always willing to try new things , cheez_it_lord
Put it this way it do not feel pretty .
How do you know that you ar in love wity someone ,
2-choose the right time { for a female } 3- words are very useful .
Do not ask a guy if he likes you .
Men wan na hump every day . unless they are cheating or gay .
If he does n't like you , you  will know and can move on .
She is not your girlfriend anymore .
Your wife has doubts , that given already .
Why would you want to stop missing your boyfriend ?
Cuz i do not want my plans to get ruined !
I have to tell ya , demonholloween , you have a tough problem .
If I ONLY COULD PICK JUST ONE !
Your wife has doubts , that given already .
Why would you want to stop missing your boyfriend ?
Cuz i do not want my plans to get ruined !
I have to tell ya , demonholloween , you have a tough problem .
If I ONLY COULD PICK JUST ONE !
By The Way - you guys are my 8-ball right now .
If you are a christain , then its a sin .
Next one you get , do n't tell every little detail of your life to .
Yes you and your husband should move to texas and become an engineer
He will probably be embarassed , but he should get over it if he 's a nice guy !
A persons past is not a persons future.the fact that she told you shows she is bein honest .
Lol i think its retarded to have gay marriages .
Then , think about this . - I have food to eat .
And no , it would n't kill him - men are supposed to be tough .
I would just tell the guys that are freaking you out to back off.that is what i do .
Boy you are in love just go with your heart and make sure that you do not get it broke
I do not remember the first only the last min .
Get the book , you wo n't regret it ! ! !
Maybe you are a good person and you just do not get it .
Usually right after you 've booted Kitty Puss Puss across the room when you thought she was n't looking !
If she was worth it then , she 's worth it now !
When he is comfortable , ask him if he 's been seeing anyone else ?
Same answer for a gift for mom : 1 .
You will not have to ask this question
Your not fat sweetheart your sexy !
She  WILL FELL MORE SECURE ABOUT BEING WITH YOU AND YOU WILL NOT EXPERIENCE THAT UNPLEASANT SCENE ANYMORE !
All YOU CAN REALLY DO IS LEED BY EXAMPLE , BE HIS POSITIVE FRIEND , AND PRAY .
It is a dumb way to mess up yours and your frens lives forever .
What did you get you are self into ?
If he drinks every day than that is to much .
Okay here is my lil input .
I WOULD CALL THE POLICE , JUST TO PROTECT THE CHILD .
17. i was a skinny dork in school and looked like a boy . no hips , butt , boobs , it was awful .
I 've found that it usually means that they are inexperienced .
He probaly does if you are attractive and have a good personality
If i should leave what would be my first step to become independant of him ?
What if one day they did that s * * * to you ! !
I do n't like too many muscles .
The smell will turn her so bad she would not care about seeing you ever again .
They do n't think with the right head ! ! ! !
Why ca n't i get over this one person ?
My daughter is going out with a grade-lower boy .
Its fun and its helps you move on .
And when his marriage ends so will being nice to YOU.He 's only waitiing for YOU cuz HE 'S MARRIED ! !
Its the same in both cases but there are some dudes who prefer big women
YOU can never be a better person you can only try to become a better person .
Well I thought I was in love at 16 , then again at 17 .
But earrings would not be to bad a choice as long as they do not have gems .
If you hit her . even better , just don  t knock her out .
But some guys are just so good at cheating that you cannot tell .
You say it for as long as you actually love her .
3 weeks i told her that i was falling for her .
Get your devorse because you do n't love your husband any more .
Most certainly . the hardest part is keeping things going long distance .
It 'S UNDESCRIBABLE BUT YOU WILL KNOW WHEN THE TIME COMES .
How can you tell if he is the love of your life ?
Did you make actual plans or did you just ask him to come over .
It 's the thought that counts , really , it is .
Like i said they are all jerks and assholes
If anyone abuses you in any way .
No - it wo n't matter anyway ; - ) if it is what you both want then go for it .
I am a christian so i want a christian respones .
Well i found out they were seeing each other for almost a year .
Been going out for 5 years .
By being pretending a resposible / busy / gentle man .
I reckon if you do , you do
I gave you some addresses where you can meet gays without paying .
That should tell you she is honest and adventurous
Woah , that was an easy question : )
I 'm 17 and still have n't had a date yet : (
When ever you both are in the mood for some lovin '
It 's only wrong if you say APRIL FOOL afterwards .
If you do n't see each other !
I BETTER ANSWER THE LAST QUESTIONS !
But a could meet this fat girl that would die for you .
All i want is to make out and tell them to ask me out ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Let me say this as calmly as I can . ABSOLUTELY ! ! ! !
Do NOT EVER EVEN THINK ABOUT getting physically abusive just because you are angry .
Lol try it . or do sumthing huge ! ! !
I read this book called Mama Gena 's Guide . it is your answer ! ! !
Guys are alot more likely to cheat on women , than women cheating on men . but women do it also .
Good luck ask your lawyer !
I mean seriously would you get mad if your bf/gf went to the movies with his/her friends .
I guess it depends why its broken . some things you just do not get over easily .
Even if you just had their first child ?
Me 7 & da other guy were in love also cuz he was my 1st and my 1st love !
Serve me is the idea i see .
If YOU only saw him once , hes NOT your boyfriend.Therefore he are not cheating.Do Not waste your time .
Guys/ Girls love to talk also .
And he has to put me before video games .
I am going after my partner not the person they were with .
Did he ask you to marry him ?
And yes it works the other way around .
Too much detail than asked for .
Be balanced , control you are heart with you are mind then you are in the process of becomming better person
Sleep in my bed and see what happens : - )
Do you want to speand the rest of your life with me ?
A good friend that will listen will help more than you can imagine
Cook and clean for him : )
Well , first I am going to put this out there .
You might meet this beauitful woman and she could be the biggest b @ tch there is .
It 's easy for me but for her it 's too big deal
You have to be strong and move on !
I did n't even gotten married during Christmas season .
But Merry Christmas to you too !
The morning after a nightlong beer drinking taste testing contest
If so why and if not why ?
But easy may not be a good thing !
Nope and nope and definately nope .
Jus showin up would be a suprise for her and she would be very happy .
You would not like to do it always right .
I hope you find good news .
Know your own mind first & then consider what actions you want to take . my best advice . Good luck !
You  will know it , no doubt about it !
Well , it 's like wen YOU want to buy cars , YOU wld like d best shape n models .
Is Not it illegal if you are under 18 ?
I 'm breathing now . so i  will never stop saying I love you till my breath stop
Do YOU REALLY WANT HER BACK ?
Kiss him goodnight and whisper i love you .
A woman who orgasms will want to have sex more than one s that do n't .
Because laws very from state to state .
I would n't try to talk to her .
If you ar n't poly , just date one of them .
Then decide if its actually worth your time to date her .
So GOOD BLESSINGS WITH YOU & ALL-
If that 's the only reason that you are brecking up with her than you are SO SHALLOW !
If he 's that affectionate otherwise i doubt he  would mind .
Time will show and actions will prove !
One : Why did you get married to him anyways ?
A lady in the st. , but a freak in the bed
If you do not , it will not be as good . for any of you .
Plus relationships now adays end up in divorce so why waste your time .
Sorry I DO N'T WANT TO SAY THE NAME OF THAT GUY COZ IT IS NOT THAAT NECESSARY ! ! ! ! !
Who matters more , Mom or Her ?
; ) Or did you mean , on an average , how long does a girl wait until she kisses a guy ?
But if you were really stupid , you might have to do more stuff , depends what you did !
Cuz i love somebody i do not even know at all
And , I tried to make her see/feel/know how much I love her .
One last advice : you have to want it as much as your partner .
All can see is there face & there voice sends cills down your back .
Think of where her favorite places are- public or private ?
Its girth not length that matters anyway .
If after 4 years he 's still wishy washy , he  will never realy be yours % 100 .
Maybe women are n't your thing . : ) ; )
First , wait for your sack to drop .
Because guys are really weird and they like looking at girls boobs ad buts .
There are people who think they  are too fat , too skinny , too ugly , too dorky , too . whatever .
If you sacrifice too much of yourself then you will not be you anymore .
If you even have to ask , he 's not the one !
If I COULD REARRAGE THE ALPHABET I WOULF PUT YOU , AND I TOGETHER .
He seems like a wise dude .
Why do not you go a bit slower .
Let THIS CHILD BE A CHILD .
Start by just talking say you know ?
If your man goes to work and comes hom to give you attention , why cheat ?
I think it means she does n't like kids who spell it love .
Depends on what type of violence .
All i can say is tell him how you fill and you mite be 2gether after that
They are quiet because they like the girl
You are not over the relationship with this guy .
Just have to show that you want it .
No Las Vegas style weddings , either .
! YOU ARE LOSER IF DO NOT DO SOMETHING POSITIVE K ?
But , I learn and I have fun .
Whatever you decide , buy it with your heart to let her know you care about her .
I  will call you when i wake up , i promise .
I still think you ' l get a better reaction in person !
Stranger of the night i  will always love you
See how things go after that .
Me i will keep talking to him and calling his phone when she is around .
Hope yahoo puts some link through which I can thank you all without using a different id !
To me it sends the wrong signal .
Have you ever known a guy who did n't cheat ?
Love . . is friendship that has caught on fire .
I love her and i want all whit my girlfriend , my life .
If the answers are no to all the question then I run !
You need to get a new man .
I want to bless ( i.e. , because good ) my kids .
It 'S WHEN YOU FEEL BUTTERFLIES IN YOUR STOMACH AND FEEL LIKE YOUR FLYING IN MID AIR .
Never ask any questions - Always tell or do
I think from 19-25 by then you are fully mature .
Hey , < name of girl > , would you like to < do X thing > < Y night > ?
She will not be much else to you .
Good answer . not so much from the heart . but a good answer from the books of knowledge .
No but I went to school there .
Well . why is she mad at you ?
I broke up with my boyfriend so I am single ! !
Even if she came back would you honestly be able to trust her ?
Girls always wait for the guys to call.Because they do not want to seem clingy .
Maybe I just liked my BF to much .
I always had a blast just playing games and laughing .
But I am over girls ! !
Does he touch you alot make comments toward how you look .
Well if they have a good personallity , is a good christian , loves to laugh .
I really think it depends on you two .
Having a girlfriend is not that big of a deal you are still young and have lots of time .
I Have found someone but it took alot of patience and time .
There might be some but where they are I do not know .
He will eventually get the hint thatyou like him and break up with her sincce he does not like her !
And y shud you break up if he really likes you ? ? ?
Friends and husband who clain to love you would not do that !
The previous night she asked about moving in with me .
Be the bigger woman in this .
Just continue to be her friend tell her later that you care about her .
There is someone so much better for you out there who will never dream of doing wrong like this !
( He did n't do that , did he ? )
And the rejection hotline is always good too lol
Ii think the age is 16
When you are are in love you just know but the most comun thing are the buterflies in the stomache
I waited for him to make the move ( which was excruciating ) but now we are married with two children !
Ok let me answer you straight to the point !
Ask to borrow his credit cards .
You can say if there was no trust , these would not have existed .
Hope you are the one with tons of experience .
What makes you so worried that he would cheat ?
How about a nice card that says something like This coupon entitles you to two massages or something .
Just consider if you think that it 's worth it .
No , cuz i love going down on him and he says its better then his moms cooking
Start having fun with them and making friends .
Def not a sign of appreciation.is that why you do ?
See if homeschooling works for him .
Obviously you need him to love you !
Not that we ever finish the movie anyway .
If you applyed as much thought to that you would probly make all A 's
If hes not cooroperting try social services .
Well you know what they say right treat them rough you get the muff
Was any wrote up when you got married ?
Are you really really sure you want him back ?
Do what i did : pack his shit in one box , sit it by his car .
It depends on your mom . Are you close to her ?
Date a leftover , lose a friend .
Not sure what new boyfriends are going for nowadays but I would not pay too much for one =o )
But all in all , it can be a great start to great things !
These are not people who care about you or your child .
If I had to pick one though it would be . loveless sex .
Ok bro , first of all you should never read body language to see if she is ready for sex .
Guys are like a rubber band .
I guess that makes them horney !
Boys looking for a better sex . girls looking for a lot more than just a sex .
Also , does he confide in you as much as he always does , if he does that sort of thing ?
Be a man and just ask .
I 'm interested in a nice guy with some sort of decency ! ! ! !
What your just dieing to do right now mmmmmm and as that fire ! !
Start by telling him that you guys will not be home .
This might not work if hes determined to do drugs .
I would marry him because he is so good looking .
Probably HATES YOU , BUT IN SOME CASES THEY LIKE YOU
If they flip you off take it as a NO , and go away
I waited until I was married . one of the smartest things I 've ever done in my life !
So you start to think about being with her in that mmmmmm way you know ?
But hey try not to worry so much , a relationship is supposed to be fun . mostly .
Do NOT BE THE ONLY GUY .
( she so needs to know this ! )
Its cheap and it will not mean anything to her .
If you have to ask , you are n't .
Do you two have many problems ?
And willing to take responciblty for him for the next 10 years if it does n't work out .
Little things like bestfriends , boyfriends ex . blah . blah . blah does n't really matter .
Someone to love , and love them back .
YOU do not program urself to certain levels it just happens !
What does he say when you ask him about it ?
You would be very busy and taken care of ! ! !
And if you do not see that then i suggest you find a new mirror .
If that does not disturb your daily routine or schedule , its no way BAD .
If only it were that easy .
No girl deserves to be cheated on and then lied to on top of it .
Here Is an easy one ASK HIM ! !
Leave your husband , and dump your friend , that is sad
I do n't about dumbest but definitely the worst .
Yup . go search your name . i found there to be several pages . : )
Before they pulled the plug 2 months ago
That or be sick for the day .
And there are loads of chatrooms on the web , just be so very careful !
But once they start they cannot stop .
I 'm sure you  will be fine : )
Tell him you love surprises so much you can have'them everday ! !
I do n't remember who it was from ? ? ?
So DO NOT LOOSE FAITH GOOD THINGS COME TO THOSE WHO WAIT JUST BE PATIENT HE WILL COME .
Buy a green hat chicks dig green hats
If he does n't like her , why is he with her ?
I ca n't say this stuff again b/c i enjoy spending time w/her .
If you love him enough and if you believe he is worthy of your love then stay !
Just give it all you 've got .
Some guys find there same gender attractive o.O
Yes because she probably is about to dump you because you never tell her what you think of her
Just because your partner did not feel like telling you ?
YOU usually a friend of a friend of a friend is friends with you are ex .
And last but not least : be patient with yourself , but do n't let it get worst .
It 's strictly for fun and i expect no serious involvement .
Ugh , that 's tough to hear guys say that .
If they are crazy crazy do n't go .
Well , I guess you could try to find a skank and just f * * k .
Could she be scared that i want a serious relationship and she ca n't handle one , should i move on ?
What men do n't understand is women ( most women ) want to be treated like a lady .
Tell me what you make of this
Well most guys I know do n't really have any feelings .
She says i do not love you anymore and she does not say the reason .
YOU should probably just show up .
Do him a favor not sex if you do not want but just get him happy
Shure i do not see why not .
Guys are broutht up to think if you feel your not a man .
That way you will surely get over it .
The RIGHT AGE WILL BE IF ANY GIRL ASKS YOU FOR THAT .
They want control and the only way they can get it is through you .
Look at you waiting for him !
There are many many gods ( supposedly ) .
It might work , but probably not if you get married .
The RIGHT AGE WILL BE IF ANY GIRL ASKS YOU FOR THAT .
They want control and the only way they can get it is through you .
Look at you waiting for him !
There are many many gods ( supposedly ) .
It might work , but probably not if you get married .
Either you are gay or you  are not .
However , that guy you were with is a real jerk !
Girl you should go and see a doctor .
Now-a-day 's it 's mostly looks that we want .
I am very happy person-what is that tell ya .
Remember THIS EVERYBODY HAS SOMEBODY UNTILL THEY FIND SOMEBODY BETTER ! ! ! ! ! !
Any way I have only had sex with a girl twice so I hope you do not care about that .
You CAN be sexy - try it !
Name a star after the two of you at International Star . hmmmm . I could go on and on . so sweet !
Yes i do it/cz then i enjoy more
I for one do not do that ! !
Girls like to flirt , though , I  will give you that .
But trust me , do not ever go back to him .
Like many have said talk w/ your girl .
Show her you realize you were a bonehead idiot .
I do not think you really ever know .
I am now 8 mos pregnant .
Let me guess your either in High School or Junior High .
Try adamandeve.com they have rubber coated vibrating ones .
This is SamE 's fiancee speaking : Easy tell him you  are not going to have sex until you  are married . and then do n't .
! . THERE ARE GOOD MEN . WE JUST HAVE TO WEED THEM OUT .
Now , if he did n't hide it , I would n't be as angry .
You do n't need a girlfriend to be happy .
You do not need gods love , learn to love yourself and all else will follow
On the other hand you can see also some women who are cheating on men .
That 's one of the best ways to pick up a woman I ever used .
Ps - talk to JUDITH FINEBLIT , jewelryexpert.com ( 603 624-8672 ) SHE 's awesome and I trust her .
In the morning . right after you wake up .
Them giving in can just make things worse .
Alot of people love the internet yes even me its not so bad
I just want a marriage license . i am not trying to have a big wedding .
Neither really . Say byebye and I Am keeping the pets .
That is wat my best bud did at a chris Ledoux concert
But mabey i am wrong has he told any one you were together ?
I found a couple here . I hope this helps .
Only if you like beautiful beaches and nice weather .
It WILL BE YOUR LAST KISS .
Just thought of the song when this question came up .
: ) That 's a good one though .
Do Not be a assaholic and say stuff like ha your stupid
Just keep thinking about how nasty the other girls mouth is .
I have a boyfriend sence 3yrs ago .
Hey i know you will find someone but you have to love yourself first .
Maybe you do n't get out enough .
: ) Give him a massage and then a hot bath , gently washing his hair and toweling him off afterward .
Find a way to join in a thing where she goes .
Because they used to masturbate in young-age
If there 's grass on the field , PLAY BALL ! !
She will think you hung the Moon !
But do you really want a cheater back ? ?
It even has the part in the book that talks about your issue .
Do n't act like a slug . get active . get into it !
If you boyfriend is getting tons of sexy text from some male name , that might be a girl .
Knight Rider does n't look so bad now does it .
But a lot of guys do n't see it that way .
Its not in the penis . its if you know how to use it !
Try it chat or somewhere else .
I was just wondering because a lot of my friends do that .
Buy HER $ 10 ROSES AND HER OCCASIONAL WINE , AND GIVE HER A LOT OF LOVE .
Do n't just say it to say it .
Just ask her how to please her .
And believe me , you would LOVE it !
You did not mention what is your relationship with her .
I guess by spelling horny properly ?
Girls never love a guy , ,they love his pant , ,shirt , ,money , ,fame , ,bike , ,house , ,any damn thing but never HE HE AND ONLY HE , ,OK ? ? ? ?
Yes she can get pregnant because it 's not very safe .
I am so sorry about this Question ! !
You had better get down there and explore and go where only real men go . and then you  will know .
That would depend on if he loved you before he or she went to jail .
If this is what you really want and he loves you then he should be willing to wait too .
Wow , I feel sorry for you !
So do n't worry about embarassing your self .
You could not see that from where your at though .
Crawl up a chickens a * * and wait
For months i will not think about it , then i see her in the store i just break down .
So when I am wih girls I do not care .
You  would think a man that age would have finally grown up , but I guess not .
If you are afraid of him yelling April Fool !
You need to tell him you want to try it again and quit pretending to just be friends !
But when it comes to cheating . never .
Just look for the gay men .
Talk to her , see wat she likes , wat she is into .
I mean , where they with their bfs or were they single ?
Or , actually is it weird nowadays to think about sex all the time ?
( i would 've cheated on you anyway )
I know it seems too casual - but the relationship is so new !
Do Not get something for the girl .
If he wants to stay with her , let him !
Do n't go to bars or clubs .
( If you look good and he is still preforming sexually with you , who cares ? )
Listen to the blink 182 song stay together for the kids .
The best decision i ever came up with was to let him be .
You can writte in spanish too
That depends : my first time around what ?
I try to get her to relize that i am not interested .
Teenagers can have sex from the age of 18
( Sorry for my english , i can speak very well )
YOU think a girlfriend can make you happy ?
Wait until you are at least 22 !
If you have a boyfriend and he cheats an you would'nt you cheat an him back ?
Ex girlfriend says i love you to my boyfriend
You have to ask to go to the bathroom and you have a lot of restrictions .
You have not lost anything in the ex or the friend/fam member .
Think of which one you would wan na be with forever .
And a lot of men have become use to getting over on women .
He may be just playing a game .
You Are gon na loose you are friend , maybe a tooth or two
From YOUR MOTHER OR FATHER= ANYTIME .
Others YOU COULD TELL CUZ THEY ACT DIFFERENT !
Can anybody help me figure out what i am suppose to do to marry my girlfriend ?
Stay with the one you love and have sex with the other one
I feel really guilty about it .
I do n't think it matters if you act like it .
Well how do you know her ?
Snookie here and thanks i do that . and i see your looking for asian another man thing huh/ ?
Back to me again i am 21 and have never had a serious relationship with a chick .
I love fat girls . and there r lot out there who prefer a curvy woman over a thin girl .
Is your girl an ax murderer ?
Well if you love him and are over 16/17 then yes .
And girls that are still virgins ( speaking from experience by the way ) are alot more comfortable with guys that are too .
Put favorite tunes on the radio or play favorite CD 's .
I would not tell even with the gurantee - you or him !
What if we want to be left alone ?
Home PLATE IF YOU  ARE TALKING ABOUT BASEBALL .
If STERLING & REAL LOVE then Commune
'why IS THIS GROWN MAN HANGING AROUND CHILDREN ? '
There is no way you can unless he tells you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Oh and one more thing once and drug addict always and addict .
YOU have 2 choose good luck
Puhlease . borrow sugar once but after that she 's on to you .
You should be friends with yourself first .
I really like him but do not know how he feels .
If you ca n't get enough . you love her .
You are just saying MERRY CHRISTMAS .
I CAN DEFINITELY TELL YOU HE  WILL CALL THE NEXT DAY .
Naked FOR SURE , WE LOVE LINGERIE ALSO , BECAUSE WE KNOW WHAT IS UNDER IT.HAY ! !
He wo n't admit he cheated because he still cares .
If you hit it off woth someone right away great !
I do n't know if i 'm in love or if it 's just lust .
Chances are they 've done all the things that your doing now .
Count your blessings girls if you have a sex crazy guy that is focused on you !
If after two years go by , and he still has n't asked you out , then he was n't flirting
Yes , and no . it depends on the man , just like out in the real world .
Not if you do n't know what to do with it .
Most of them have hormonal problems , some were abused and others just do not like it .
Is it wrong seeing your roommate thru window while she dresses , plays with her self .
Wait until you have a wedding ring on your finger !
Change you adress and leave him alone .
Talk about what you both like and be her friend .
There are lots of nice guys out there .
Just go with what you 've pictured in your mind , i 'm sure she  will love it !
If you were so pissed then why did n't you say anything ?
Either she does or she does n't .
Maybe they are n't getting what they want
Lingerie just comes off quickley anyway !
Just do what you are deepest soul says.Good luck
Not until your 21 if you ask me ( but I 'm old fashioned like that ) .
But i guess it really depends on the person .
How can I get over this AS SOON AS POSSIBLE ?
1 : he should love me 2 : he should love me more then yesterday 3 : he should love me less then tomorrow
You go girl , you freak cheater , break a man 's heart , just do it with a nice fellow like me ! ! !
It does not work and will only end up hurting you !
I Am just wondering if that is normal ?
I feel like a total fool .
Might as well just get her a ring !
Not all men are SO sex crazy .
Get dolled up and watch that suckers tongue hang out .
Try to hang out with your friends so you do not have that much time to feelllike crap -Steve
Alot of people do not like sex .
Ill ask my mom when she comes home if i can see you .
If you just jump into telling her you love her you might chase her away .
Okay . you just have to know that not everyone is out to get you .
So here 's your holiday Hope you enjoy it this time .
Be as you are nature is , smile and speak by you are eyes
Second , that depends on what type of person your mom is .
Damn , I thought I was the only one .
And to make yourself feel better , eat choclate or cheese ( trust me it works ! )
The wat to tell if you feel like they are hidding somting .
Well . you can always try a dating site .
You either trust her or you do n't .
Over the age of 18 and when you get married !
I used to hang all over my girl friend .
My bf told me beat him up
Face it girlfriend . men only do this when they are dating us .
My husband had been cheating on me since we had a baby .
Sure we have all thought of it .
And this is just brutal honest .
Patience my friend is the secret .
Do Not just stay home doing nothing cuz then you  will really be depressed .
I have n't had that problem that god ! !
Women can get laid anytime , jut hit a local biker bar ! !
And I do n't swear like you !
If you show him that you trust him ( do n't over do it ) , chances are he wo n't cheat on you .
It depends on what of your 's you showed me
If I am mad I will not put out or have sex .
Like , when he calls , say , i am so busy !
She wanted 'our ' day to be 'OUR ' day .
What I think is that the age does not matter if god says that its OK .
Tell him you will not tolerate his lies .
Depends on how long you have been with her but i think be love
Do n't know Do you come on strong ?
R E S P E C T just like the song says
Sometimes it can scare the guy off , if he is committment phobic .
Then if you do not you  will live a miserable life !
Then you find yourself in a REAL quandary !
Is when you think about dat person more than you do urself
Why not a proposal to go then too ?
Well most of the time , this kind of action means that he does not want the relationship again .
Guys want to have sex much more than girls .
You got three options 1 ) tell him you need to see him more !
First of all , why have n't you talked to your mom in nine yrs ?
But if you do answer below : D thanks !
In fact ; alot of men cheat on women but not all of them .
Guys always leave certain tales when they are cheating .
Would you honestly not care seeing another girl with your man ?
That 's the only surefire way , and with some guys , even THAT is n't enough !
How comfortable am I with this guy ?
Do Not care what will be the resolt just beleive in urself and follow you are heart !
18 SO THAT IF YOUR PARENTS FIND OUT , YOU  WILL BE OLD ENOUGH TO MOVE OUT OF THEIR HOUSE .
Trust me , I was 20 and I screwed crap up .
Because it is a hard thing to explain and show those things that is why kids just learn evantually
No - men are useless at remembering dates .
Something you do or do n't do , he does n't like .
Women like that make lots of other women look bad .
God hates divorce hang in there .
Embaress you are self in front of a WHOLE bunch of people ! ! !
If they go first . it 's pretty much over .
Games- it 's fun or easier , and they like wining .
Do n't tell him you love him , and try going out with him for a while .
If you get one easily is she really worth it ?
Obviously this guys wife is not .
Of course I would be mad .
Ever thought about what  will happen after boot camp ?
You ca n't force people to like you if they just do n't .
A PERSON HAS TO WANT TO CHANGE !
Talks about himself . about how he needs to improve his looks . etc .
See if there is something ( or several something is ) that are sexy and that YOU KNOW SHE LIKES .
But if he does not know how to use it then it better be big .
I do n't know but if you find out please let me know LOL
I  will do everything i can to see you tomorrow .
Just flirt . bat your beautiful eyes , look and act inacennt , and look adorable ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
All men react differently but you just know if he is trying to pull the wool over your eyes .
As women get older , and even more if they have kids , are not willing to fool around .
I left and it was the best move i ever made , while pregnant .
If he says yes then ask him why he does it to you ! ?
If you are a guy , you need to find the hottest girls who are having the most fun .
So , try to hang out with him when she 's not around , but do n't make a move .
Either you are gay or you are straight - true you can be both ( bi ) .
Marry the one with the big b * * bs .
I think it is wrong to say that to someone if you do not mean it .
I like the name sia and manav
1.money 2.HUSBAND 3.and a child And finally bla bla
So GIVE HIM A PAIR OF GLASSES THEN HE WILL SEE THE BIG PICTURE .
If hes for real he  will ask you to marry him = )
If it 's true you love him , then love him !
Just turning up after 9 years without contact may freak her out .
Any way i suggest you to work on you are personality so that you can enjoy life with ease .
I just saw your avatar . now . here 's mine ! !
Looks , personality , inteligence , sense of humor
Asian woman are known for that huh ?
Tell him that you love him
If your doing it right you will know
It 's probably just boys being boys .
If you got anymore questions hit me up at eidal3 @ yahoo.com
Look first try getting your self-esteem up do things you would never do .
Some PEOPLE YOU CA N'T TELL CUZ THEY CAN HIDE IT VERY GOOD !
I found out later , and much too late , that she had never read a book in her life !
You have to smell good too , but do not over due it then it will smell bad .
There are different kinds of love mum - > son love .
You are not still a Slut . you  are an ex-slut .
Do Not worry about gettign over , worry about getting on with things .
Sorry GIRLS it is n't our FAULT !
Hope this has been helpful ; )
No , seriously , guys are n't like women at all , so it 's not complicated .
That is the best thing you have to do ! !
Leaving the place , or better , the country !
He will not look at you in the eyes .
Chloroform and zipties . late night mall parking garages .
If he 's not interested he 's not .
And you must start it , well because you admitted that it was you are fault .
I do not know . tap his leg twice , or something .
After you have define what psycho really means for you .
Maybe he had already got it from someone else and that is why he was not in the mood ?
Most of all , do n't loose yourself in the hate and anger .
Look him in the eye and ask him that .
Tell him you are pregnant and I would be willing to bet he will run for the hills !
Necklace or a braclet but not a ring .
About YOUR LOVERS , WHICH YOU CANNOT WITH YOUR LOVER .
Of course it is good for you !
My husband is wants me to try new things in bed .
Do what is best for you .
Some people do that to get attention by getting mad .
I depend on him for everything and could not financially make it with out him .
So you should not beat around the bush and either be with your guy or do not .
Because they do not have girls to fuck .
I do not see anything weird here .
Do what your gut tells you .
Break up with your boyfriend and go out with the other guy .
A nice candlelit dinner and then give him a massage following dinner . he  will like that a lot : )
If they are virgin its better .
Having their dad around , ignoring you ?
If you want her to like you .
They have been friends for 3 years and are both christions .
Untill the one you love gets pissed at you because of some stupid thing you did
I was an insecure little kid back then .
She married me and now I hardly touch her at all .
Not if you  are a man in the cell with him and he says it to you !
You Are child may not be gay . he may just be going through a faze
I think you should rephase that .
( If worse comes to worse , use anything but cologne )
I 've got slightly above average looks , and am pretty smart and cool
There was a girl that i was talking to in august .
If NOT LET ME HELP YOU.NO NO NO AND N TO THE O-HELL NO ! R WE CLEAR HERE MY DEAR ?
Do what you got ta do to keep what you have !
Great stuff and no you  are not alone !
Stop being a bitch and asking us on the net go find her .
In love we do it to express how much we love .
If i do not give her any attention she makes me feel bad by the way she acts .
They will say : I will never do this again .
Most guys will be totally flattered that they are being asked .
Am a female myself i think she is afraid you wo n't like her no more .
I was proposed to on New Years eve and it 's so romantic ! ! !
Without PRESURE , OR IN A HURRY.JUST MELT AWAY WITH THE PERSON , AND GO FOR IT .
I go off , date women , flirt , screw up here , screw up there .
Ciao Bella , you ara the womana offa mia dreamsa .
Care for her . pamper her . tinker with her . polish up the marriage .
I was proposed to on New Years eve and it 's so romantic ! ! !
Without PRESURE , OR IN A HURRY.JUST MELT AWAY WITH THE PERSON , AND GO FOR IT .
I go off , date women , flirt , screw up here , screw up there .
Ciao Bella , you ara the womana offa mia dreamsa .
Care for her . pamper her . tinker with her . polish up the marriage .
They  are just as special as american brunettes
Or else you will chase al you are loved 1 's away wiv you are behaviour .
The woman who moved in . she is just the next one to be thrown out .
No phone call , so i take things into my own hands .
Just talk 2 her she  will understand
I have been married for 6 years and have 2 kids .
Unexpectable persons mostly are amazing and unique
Samart and pretty but naughty does help
I would try a pawn shop
I know emails and other things are private , and people do n't want them spammed and stuff .
Why would a girl stop loving a guy who realy loves her more than anything ? ? ?
I KNOW that I 'm in love though !
Yeah it does , just like girls .
Be SURE , GOD LOVES EVERYONE OF US INCLUDING YOU.YOU JUST HAVE TO FIND GOD IN YOURSELF .
If you  are the type that says , Are you ok ?
That will in turn make the girl happy and you win .
If you are married you can still be friends .
I am in love with * & $ % & ! ! !
What do you mean by that ?
Tell her its not that i do not like you but we airt ment for each other
Anyway either way you will know .
Girl , kick him out the door .
Even if she never finds out i will never be able to do enought to make it up .
Problems cannot be solve if do not have the GOTS ! !
You play a little immiture game , like hey , who do you like , lol .
Always always always . clever wit ( which is a true sign of intelligence ) .
Its a charcteristic that make you who you are and also the next person will love you for it !
If she does it everytime you have love , she 's faking it .
Chances are he likes you if you r cute , sweet , cool and intelligent which i think you certainly are .
Like some nice jeans and a small , white t-shirt .
People cheat because they need approval that they are wanted and needed ! ! !
What to Wear So just what sort of clothes turn girls on ?
What DO I DO AND HOW DO I TELL HIM ?
They SHOULD BE WHITE - WITH A SUBTLE OPALESENCE THAT CATCHES IN THE SUN .
Last year my brother stole me a winter coat .
Maybe you should ask her that way .
I do n't want to see you anymore . )
I Am talking about love and relatenships . men wanting that blonde bombshell when the right one might be Ms. Average person
- she just may feel the same way !
YOU definetly should n't have done that hoodie thing .
Verbal abuse is just as bad .
Then , listen and follw her advice ! !
He just does little suttle things he never did
I have tried to get over it .
You ALREADY KNOW THE ANSWER DO N'T YOU ?
Ill say yes or no when he ask me.if you asked me ill say yes
Has not done ANYTHING . anything means anything . so can you be Gay ?
Dirt scums looks more macho and are carefree .
Just tell her how you feel and if it do not work out move on
When he 's away , you wonder if he 's cheating .
She could have a lot of STDs
You just climb on board and holler , YEEHAW !
In the end your gut is usually right .
No i do not having kids is not easy mmm and you must be thanxfulll for that
Anyway , good luck and merry christmas !
Is it what they buy you ?
It does not matter you should buy the person a gift if your they BF or GF
If you do n't beleive me take a chance .
! - GUYS DO NOT CARE AS LONG AS YOU HAVE A HEART BEAT THEY WILL GO FOR IT .
Because they do not love the person that they are cheating on .
Because there are other easy women out there
Some of the guys I know are mean .
Guys with no guy friends are huge turn-off for women ( until they start dating you , lol ) .
Women do n't deserve men who treat us like trash .
Walk up to him and say , I like you , can we be friends ?
Yes there are girls that are not worth dating .
Call him and say it 's over .
Get A HAIRCUT OR NEW CLOTHES .
How else would you not be able to figure it out ? !
And RELIGION DOES N'T MEAN ANYTHING IN THIS CASE .
When you just say it and do not wait for a best time to come
The ANSWER IS B'CUZ YOU FEEL GOOD HAVING THAT PERSON WITH YOU .
If you are a young person that is thinking of having sex , i encourage you to wait !
No matter what anybody says gays are wrong .
And then she will be like umm .
What in the hell are you doing with a married man ? ? ?
If she moves in a little , than kiss her .
I say get an education and then worry about that !
No there 's nothing wrong with you !
If they are in love with you , great .
But this i know is just the want for sex and nothing else .
Or SEXUAL INTERCOURSE IF YOU  ARE AN ADOLESCENT .
Being hurt is hard , but you need to move on .
Its too bad women are not more easily aroused .
You should n't be with them because you deserve better .
Plus they get the best of both worlds by not admitting to it !
I see you on here alot .
YOU r looking in the wrong place .
Always GO WITH YOUR FIRST FEELING BECAUSE IT TRUELY WILL NEVER STEER YOU WRONG.BELIEVE ME BEEN THERE
You and this friend or just yourself are experincing lust , and lust is not better then love .
With friends like that you do n't very well need enemies , now do you .
It will make the kid happy , and you double win .
At least not in the wrong anyways
Love IS NOT THE QUESTION IN LOVE IS THE QUESTION .
Trade her a pack of twinkies if she breaks up wiht you
O and hes a sensitive guy
But think of what the future holds .
So you asked , what is god 's name ?
Player To EX- PLAYER True game is just what it sounds like .
Try to be tolerant ( and TRUST ME I know you probably feel like you have been ) .
If you like her , then tell her .
Start a web site called young girls then hire all you want with the proceeds from the site
And then think of something they both can enjoy .
Just go ahead and follow your heart .
If you want a peace full life do not behind money .
I think if i did that so the gift will not be a gift
Infatuation . . says , We must get married right away .
And no , you would n't see me with dirt scums either they would either be police officers or military .
If you find yourself thinking that she is one in a million , then go for LOVE .
Just remember it is WOMEN they are cheating with !
That means not calling him just a friend or someone you know !
Has your sex life diminished any ?
Dude - only YOU can answer that question ! !
It means that his love so deep for that he would do anything for you .
Thanks everyone for you are reply ! !
Just because a woman is fat or ugle does not make them a bad person .
And also someone to do the heavy work ( ha ! ha !
No you are not fat and yes you can get good looking man
And who knows love better than books eh ? ?
What Do You Smell Like ?
Just between you and her , IF you can do that .
If you do this , B is already implied if you would do bothe A and C .
I mean the girlfriend not the crush .
Men think it is easy to make someone happy that is already happy .
Bots just anoy us while we are chatting
If I was a girl I  would be gay .
Would n't it depend on number of people invited ?
Once and ex leave them an ex .
The man takes this as why did n't you call ?
Girls have no clue what love is .
If your desperate than make the move !
And Not trying to impress her . 2 Much !
I do n't think he  will do it voluntarily .
But i love him to death .
Let THEM SEE YOU AT YOUR BEST .
YOU better treat him 2 date .
The average penis size is 5.5 inches hard
That way you can get used to it .
Depending on how you look at it and mean .
Honey , if anyone knows anything about being a little hoochie mama it 's me .
Hmmm . Vin Diesel b/c he 's a hottie .
There are some who are looking for that and personallity but most are looking for mostly good looks .
Unfortunately , all of them cheat so not good guys .
They have n't been togeather for very long ! !
I knew her , and he always said they were just friends .
He/she might be the one you are in love with : D !
Haha that is a good question , girls like a flirt but not a hoe !
I do n't think you wan na be Tina again .
You like someone because of and you love them in spite of .
Because guys are just interested in looks .
And NEVER let a man do that to you again .
Sounds to me , you went after a high maintence girl .
I HAVE ALWAYS SAID THERE 'S 4 THINGS THAT MAKE A MARRIAGE WORK LOVE , COMMUNICATION , UNDERSTANDING AND TRUST .
2 types of Love : Love 'the verb ' & Love 'the feeling ' .
Right i just said it to you .
Because being mean for them is to find themselves and being happy
Then all you have to say is I L-O-V-E Y-O-YOU
Yes , but why would she want to ?
They had a bad first-experience C. They think guys are only after sex .
* wink * ) Good luck . I  will be rooting for ya !
You are creating bad karma for yourself . and kidding yourself if you think it will go no further .
` coz she was a virgin before you
If you  are a hottie and not a bimbo and he does n't call back , HIS LOSS ! !
Sometimes THEY DO N'T SEE IT LOOKING AT THEM .
Do n't worry , she will forget him when she will get 18
Little shy girl , I see you have posted a lot of questions .
Does he not want to see me ?
He may go to jail too .
A partridge in a pear tree . damn it someone else thought of it first !
Or ask yourself : Am I ready for a kid ?
I think the most men if like each other , they would do n't care what woman looks like physically .
At a special restaurant , or if you  are outdoorsy , at a pretty lookout place .
I would not cheat on you if you were nice
I 'm sure that any girl would be happy to hear it : )
I honestly believe that most people are bent on what other folks are doing .
How can you identify true love ?
Because maybe you can try me 4 size .
Maybe you  are just not this person 's type .
You would n't sleep the first three days , but later things , will go better !
Yes you should because that very bad to forget someone birthday or christmas too you
I am gon na wish people Happy 2006 !
No my wife wnt give oral sex i know how you feel call back
May I take you out to dinner ?
So why do not you fight for it !
I do n't know why but I just ca n't help it .
And it 's toolate to turn back .
Just make sure the person your havin sex with does n't have an std
We just think about us because we are scared to get hurt , and relationship come and goes .
So b cool n YOU r going to b allright !
I found the profile under there .
Listen do not look for love because if its right it will find you ! !
Well if you really like him you could give him a little more time .
If he comes over on saturday say oh well we will not be home tomorrow and probably not monday either .
Do women do this to men ?
Is it really fair to love one more than the other ?
Please HELP ME I DO NOT KNOW WHAT TO DO ! !
You have to think of everything .
I think you should hang out with him more and fide out if you like him back
I do not think the money was everything in your situation .
Just want to know 'bout general thinking
Here Is what the recording will say .
And everytime i tell him its over , he will not leave me alone
The internet does have nice people on it , just set your limits up front.and patiently wait .
She is living with him now in adultery .
Not about how nice a guy is .
No its not if you realy care about someone ! !
Or else , go to a city and pick up some not-so-good-looking girl off the streets .
Be original.do n't copy someone else 's idea .
Its hard to tell with men am i right ?
Probably 20 percent of married people .
4 the way to react well just say ie to me agian i dare you love , dev
If not , i would not have him in your bed doing anything exept holding for your reputations sake
When you are willing to risk something to be with that someone
You would n't want to have a child and never know about it , would you ?
If you are just having a tough time .
He has made no advance in a sexual way and they have gotten abstinance rings .
The movie line , do n't say anything
No , i would n't pack up and leave .
Guys prefer girls that know when to be naughty and when to be nice .
But that does not mean that career and money are not important .
However , if you still got some freak off in ya , you might wan na try some threesome action .
Because good girls are gullible and bad girls want it too . hehe
But i  will never go back , never .
Or maybe , men are afraid to hurt girl 's feelings about it .
Learn . grow . enjoy your baby , i doubt they will .
The MONEY DOES N'T MATTER , THE LOVE DOES .
By HOW YOU PRECIEVE HOW HE TREATES YOU
And at night . kiss her like none other !
Us Guy Need to think with are BIG HEAD NOT with ARE Lil Head .
Go to aol.com and find chat then find that room .
Either IGNOR HIM OR TELL HIM OFF
It will make her mad as hell
Get rid of both of them .
But good luck , and happy gaming .
Yes SOME DAY THE PERFECT MATCH WILL COME ALONG
If you do this it is very very weird i still think its weird to this day
If he did it to you . you know the rest .
Some people do not even have the money to buy things .
If he does have it ( which I doubt ) , just break it to him easy .
1. good human being 2. help other peoples 3. fill my life with love n happiness
Maybe one day ask her to the movies or something .
Ignore the exs , go for the new girl and be open with her
Would you * * * * WILLINGLY * * * * spend your life with her until you die ?
You will not believe this anyway . But age 52
I 've liked this girl since i was 19 y/o .
Hey your name is great . becase its the name of my best friend in chandigarh too .
Look around her room or apartment to see the kind of things she likes .
Is there any girl from punjab.i want to make her my good friend
You do n't always get the response you want and the truth is n't always flattering for us .
Diamonds always show how much your wife means that you are willing to spend it on her .
If not , try to give him little hints .
I HOPE IT ALL WORKS OUT .
Names , does the child have his father 's last name or yours ?
Be OPEN AND HONEST ABOUT IT AND DO NOT BE SURPRISED IF PEOPLE LAUGH .
I 'm tired of all those ghetto @ ss guys trying to be pimps .
But do n't be a wuss either !
Well i ca n't tell you what it would be like because i lived with mine my whole life .
Wait until you have been dating AT LEAST 1 year ! !
YOU must choose one of them regardless all the difficulties
Except , you could start flirting with her .
If you get started today . you MIGHT have something in hand by xmas .
Not tonight honey I have a headache
See if she wants to have a go at it .
Why do n't you ask him to invite one of his boy friend ?
That Is THE EASIEST THING TO DO ! !
If you think he is not , then dump him !
Its 6:34 on new years eve and i am all alone .
I Am Going To you DO NOT love your boyfriend .
J/sayin this happened to me last week .
Because they are pretty and sexy , soemthing between the ears would be helpful .
If she is not screaming it , try asking .
What 's mom trying to tell you ?
Might have something to do with thier childhood .
There are some lines that just should n't be crossed , know what i mean ?
I do n't think you  will find easly . girls always think themslves rare
Or try to find my true love ?
For some reason we always want what you ca n't have .
YOU have to choose between the two as to whome you love the most .
It sucks realizing love never existed where I thought it did , but was a life lesson that I 've experienced .
Do n't let egos to come in .
Or were you pisst because you did n't go ?
I 'm 15 , too but I do n't worry about it at all .
If you think hes attracted to you then go for it !
Do yourself a HUGE favor and get the heck out of there !
Go and tell her , that you miss her
Or is it just a physical attraction ?
Once a cheater , always a cheater .
Lol do not know what type of girl you are . i hope i helped
I LOVE CHICKS WHO DIG VIDIO GAMES
Just say srry and go off with some other people .
( i mean what you going to do w/ a guy who 's mama got to take you everywhere ) lol
Ditch him you can do better
Well you never will intell you stand up and talk to them
I had the most fun day ever !
Oh yes , just do n't subtitute , use the real ones .
I probably first told mine when I was a little kid .
Hi , your name here . Then she will respond .
Two : Why did you get divorced anyways ?
( Rarely works , if it does be careful ) Where else .
Why not just get a man ?
Do Not trust . * * * * her forget her
If he did n't care he would n't have a problem admitting that he cheated .
There are men out there that can focus on multiple relationships . I mean friends , family and especially YOU !
I do not know what it is , but i am dead serious .
Yes i think some guys will love for who you are not how you look .
You are generalizing right now . so why do women cheat on guys . What is cheating ?
For BETTER OR WORSE REMEMBER SHE LEFT YOU WHEN YOU WERE DOWN I WOULD NOT WANT HER BACK .
Three : Track him down with a PI , like Inspector Claseau .
Would you be alright if you tried it and ended up hating eachother ?
! just go directly to what you are weaknesses and redirect it ! ! !
How would YOU like it if YOU were married and YOU ARE husband cheated on YOU ?
Commitment , Sense of humor , Love And some money too wo n't hurt
No sista , i don tink so .
I do n't want to eat here .
A feeling that can never be explained
Do you always look your best ?
Ask her out to something neutral , movie with a group , dinner with friends whatever just make it casual .
We split up because he had to move .
True love stories do n't have endings !
Love is when you like someone alot .
If it had n't been her , it would have just been someone else .
I always start my love letters with , HELLO BEAUTIFUL , OR HELLO SEXY
If she 's mad 4 a dumb reason .
Age are not notin but a numba .
! anyway just always remember we are all humans ! !
If you truly like this guy then be his friend .
If you really like the girl . you know what makes her happy .
Where you always not so interested in sex ?
3rd , keep your legs shut until at least the 3rd date .
We say that we love you sometimes just b/c you say it first .
And then I would think about 35 more years .
Just watch football and take your laptop with you !
Wow . have you talked to her since ?
It 's fun doing it and watching it to
Maybe even a guy who is not in juvinile .
How do you know love is in you ? ?
If you have gay intensions then try it - see if you like it .
Hey i am fat to and i have thought of killing myself but i thought of the poeple i would leave .
Well WELL WELL WHAT ARE YOU DOING THERE ?
Goofy you can relax with and mysterious guys are just too much work .
Or you cud txt . or msn . just do not do it rite in his face .
There was a man in my life .
If he did something bad then no if he did not then yes
If you work with them think about getting a new job .
Even the savege & covetous nature of man leads his eyes to the things he wants .
Find your self a good man that will not just use you find a real person like your self .
Get her plastic earrings from clair 's .
Go TO THE DOCTOR AND HAVE A LIST OF YOUR SEXUAL PARTNERS . SOMETHANG AI N'T RIGHT
You will not have to ask yourself that question if he or she is the one .
You have to remember that what you children see . they become !
Ask him , if you did it would it make him uneasy !
'hi , I am blah blah ) then say can I join you for a drink ?
You know , guys are not sure what to say or how to say it .
Please send any help info that is available .
How About Hola Just wanting to let you know that I ca n't stop thinking about you . Hope this helps .
No wonder your avatar looks so sad .
I was just curious because I wan na try with my boyfriend .
Depends . if you do not care for you are current boyfriend . then go for it . otherwise , stay clear .
Have YOU EVER HEARD OF THE SAYING THAT THERE IS SOMEONE FOR EVERYBODY ?
I like nice music dim lights and mmmmm well I wo n't when I am angry : )
Looks do not really matter to girl.Be funny .
Do NOT attempt to do this with someone you know .
If there are more girls than guys hanging out , opt out , at least for a while .
Its not a very good relationship if he only wonts sex . write a letter and neva see him again .
Someone to make them feel secure and treat them right . a best friend for ever and always : )
Thirty , because you know what you want and who you want it with by that time .
Well . it actually depends on the guy . but if you ask me its a stupid reason to break up !
Dude its like asking what can i do to grow .
Get over it , something like that would be a good enough because for a break up .
But he did not tell me that he was moving his cosin did .
The body language . she will laugh at everything .
Only if he makes less money than you do .
But BEFORE YOU DO THIS . go through your wife 's closet and look at what styles she likes .
Oh , belive this one , if he do n't want you to go or know where he 's going , there you go .
Now i am working retail and i like what i do .
No if you hear that they are wrong or lying .
If he is single tell him that you like him in that extra special way and see what happens .
Dump him . do not get used . you will mess up you are life and you will have big problem in future .
Have you tried stalking , that tends to work .
If he hit you once , he might do it again .
You do n't really have to ask her out persay .
Yes I WOULD HAVE A LONG DISTANCE RELATIONSHIP IF THE GIRL WAS MY PRFECT MATCH .
So here 's your holiday Hope you enjoy it this time .
6 to 6 and a half inches .
Both have the same level of perseption ! !
I have a freind and i could tell him any thing and trust him with my life .
You should n't ask out a 14 year old , that 's too young !
Then you can look for weighted or heaver duty ones .
I Am so tired of him . it ; s not even funny .
There are men who are not like that .
If you want romance , give it .
And please do not let yourself develop a hard or bitter heart !
Well , 1st of all , most of us men do seem sex crazy to women .
Yes , even if he 's in jail .
They say its great to not have to worry about all the bs some guys bring with them .
Not very hard , if you  are hott
If you r looking 4 a 1 night sex , i would say that person you meet is worthless
If you do n't really care about her , then go for the career .
Uhh , if you  are a man it sure does .
I do n't want my son to know because he is only 8 .
Try to find someone who is better and . do not hang on to the past .
I love ya so much I wan na have sex with you and so much more .
) if he refuses/ he 's not with you anyway .
If your boyfriend needs space , give it to him before he cheats on you .
Not only your body matures with age , also your mind and character .
Girls worry about their skin like crazy and she  will run a mile before getting close to a spotty face !
: ) much love to you in this hard time .
Cuddle , kiss , makeout , and then help him get some relief .
When you do n't have to ask anybody if you are or not .
It applies to guys and gals both .
How to approch them and ask them ?
Damn , I want that for Christmas !
Just think about all the bad , that can go with the good : )
You just have to learn to trust people .
Ipod with her favourite nos 2 .
Part of it says : Kids Ca n't Because Divorce !
We just got back from a trip that lasted 10 days meeting his parents and such .
Romance is the ultimate key . rose petals . music .
Work it out or move on and quit playing with your heart !
Here comes the train of the obvious question answerer and next stop is you ! !
Yes sweetie if you r still comfortable with him you shud ! !
Bring her flowers . flowers are good . remember that ! ! !
But . I have a 'friend ' that put a note on my car with his name and phone # .
As I said before - Greed
Yup that should about cover it .
Wait until your late 20 's early 30 's .
I would cut ties with so-called fam member/friend .
Hi Sweety , I used to be bio .
If you really care about your friend , find someone else .
I mean , I like 3 different boys and I think that I may be in love with them all .
If your girlfriend too aproches him then you should seprate from them .
Any more questions e-mail me at allarcon88 @ yahoo.com
Homie you need to check your self , you need to only one and stick with it ! ! !
The one thing that women need to learn is NEVER TRY TO CHANGE A MAN .
That DEPENDS ON WHO I 'M WITH .
You Have lost that loving feeling . affair
I Am 19 and married to the father of my 2 yr old child .
: I was straight until my 15 b-day , bisexual from 15 - 21 , I am gay now .
Ok . there is this girl that is absesed of me .
In a relationship , romance and talk , is a 2 way street , not a one way : )
; ) But do talk more when you  are around with crowds .
Screw the roller coaster of emotions and living lies , i  will take the good guy ! !
Any ideas as to what I should do and what I could get her ?
If he says anything negative about girls asking guys , then maybe he is n't worth it . ! !
No you want to stay friends w/ this person right ?
Just a thought . things that make you go hmmmm
So they like us naughty and nice for sure .
( This is when she wants casual relationship with him . )
Well if you want to remain friends after the break up then no unless you have marriage in mind
And you need this 3 things mature enough to enjoy sex .
They both have very good points . and DO NOT HAVE SEX BEFORE MARRIAGE !
I take it that you are a Christian .
You wo n't believe how many girls hate sex because either A .
It is not just men , women are like that too .
Likewise , do n't get him anything similar .
For all you are question you have to depends on the girl 's reaction and response then her movements
Try to sneak around and get an idea of what she likes first !
Well , lucky you if you only met such guys .
Ask what turns a guy off instead .
After you see that there all gay shoot them
To keep you for himself - not many guys want to date a p/g woman .
I 'm still looking for an answer
My fiance and i are going to have two weddings .
Just hang out with him , and act like you like him .
If he is a sports fan . he will be thrilled if you are too !
I never hung around gay people being raised .
Girls that just sleep around do n't care if you tell them you love them , they just want to fuck .
Keep your lips relaxed , at first you do not even have to use tongue .
The last one i was in i married the guy .
Because MEN ARE GREEDY AND THINK THAT THERE IS MORE THAT WHAT THEY CAN SEE .
I saw you said that you have been with only two guys and you r 21 .
You find the right guy someday .
I do not know , even if she like you , and then she  will prob .
Because they think in the same way like us .
Let me tell you that really does hurt
Just waiting for him to make up his mind
Yours was not one of them .
Like me in lots of ways 3. mentally there , but does not need to show it 4. likes math
Because we can beat off to them when we cannot hump a hore
You  will be ok , i left my ex over a year ago , and i still feel for him .
No , I do not think your wrong .
So try to become a better person at least you may end as good person .
And the next day say srry again .
But never stoop to his level by trying to get revenge !
Women can take the man out , but do n't make it a habit . lol
But once you are in the friend zone it is really hard to get out ! ! !
They Are NOT FULL OF CRAP . EVER HEARD OF A STATE CALLED NERVOUSNESS ? ? ?
I actually had the same problem with another chick .
Women go for men with money even if they  are total jerks and abusive , not for REAL Love .
Good sex is . not all sex is good .
She is ready to be kissed .
Hang in there DO N'T GIVE UP MAN .
Not in love but in like
Thanks for playing I hope I got this rite ( jk ! )
Well I used to call it cuddling with my girlfriend , you call it hanging .
I mean it might sound good now but trust me- DO N'T RUSH INTO IT ! !
Do n't believe anyone who says there is !
You should be flirty with one person and not every woman in the room . not a good idea
A FREND IS A FREND AND A LOVER SOMETHING DIFFERENT , CERTAIN THINGS YOU CAN DISCUSS WITH YOUR FRENDS , I.E .
I can not imagine life without kids .
If the juices are still flowing then GREAT !
Leave your husband and find a new best friend
If a guy becomes involved with a girl , does he have to cheat ?
Give me an instance . yes i am single go figure .
What did your best friend do ?
Trust me girl , it is damn near impossible to stay mad at somebody taht you truly care about .
Please , Write what you think Ok ?
Girls like jewelery , flowers and expensive things
I thought he was a great guy - perfect man .
To much sifting through the sand and you are gon na find a broken glass .
Reach for his crotch i am preety sure hell respond let me know if not : )
My world is brighter because you walk in it .
Wow that was hard , mentally retarded or just fantasizing about him too much ?
Why would a girl stop loving a guy who realy loves her more than anything ? ? ?
Jennifer lopez is the right one 4 me . ; )
Maybe you are dirt scum , and the 95 % to which you speak are good guys ? ?
Have you tried beer and pizza ? ?
A lot of gurl will deny it and say oh i only like personality but we realy do .
It kind of blew up in my face .
Just checking this out , because i was curiuos when i found it.= )
Not all girls care about money .
Its called revenge girl and believe me , it is worth it to be rid of that untrustworthy jerk !
Flirt with eachother the whole day and night . And whatever you do , PUT HER FIRST .
Both girl and boy are living happily ever after ! !
Get it tattooed on your chest .
He 's hot and funny and hot and sort of smart
Best shape n models to d eyes of anyone does n't gaurantee d best !
Make her a basket of personal favorites
I do n't want him to go else where .
Bring her around you are mom more .
Yeah you can its weird but then again the way love works is strange itself
If so then just show up and see what happens .
If not just turn her down and tell her how much you apreciate your friend .
I am 23 and i have 2 kids with my husband .
Yes , men do need attention , but women need it too !
You said it beautifully already , now just say it to her .
They care about no one except their self .
Yes , but they can never get divorsed so , but you can
We will probably get married one day and have talked about it recently .
Think about it i mean seriously what do you think it feels good
But remember , pretty n sexy gals also like handsome n macho man !
However , spending time with people you enjoy and who like to listen to gripes helps a lot as well .
His answer is good enough for me .
Perfume . not too expensive , but it shows thought and care . good luck .
Yea the r and t are right next to each other on the keyboard lol
Believe me i 'm there i 'm like that with my ex boyfriend and we are only friends now .
They  are probably little kids who think it 's funny .
It worked 4 me i do n't kno if it will 4 you though . srry this is like a novel
Not ALL SOME OF PEOPLE IN THIS GENARATION .
I used to go from partner to partner , with friends and anyone , even girly friends .
And girls do go for a good aftershave - that means the expensive stuff !
Some pretty n sexy gals n handsome hunks stinks !
I Am AFRAID I WILL LOOK STUPID ! !
Dress up nasty and do unsual sexual things ; )
Sure , head off to the alter !
Umm i would not get jewlery for a female friend .
By the he looks at you
Go to her favorite store , go shopping together , make it a fun day .
Then , flirt him back to you ! ! !
Sex is not that big of a deal .
Being a full time mom IS a job !
Forgive and let go , but do n't forget ; just use it as a learning experience .
Focus on finding a mate , NOT getting a girl .
Who BIG OF A BABE ARE YOU ?
Imagine all the kids that look up to me what good would i be to them .
We want a FAIRYTALE at least i do .
Tell them you are in love with them and experience the best sex you ever had !
Maybe you really do n't want a girl friend .
They would never do anything to hurt me eather
Concentrate on school , where there are probably some nice boys you could be friends with .
Usually those do n't last too long , but they  are probably the easiest .
Usually if she 's talking to you she likes you
But some people say that i should not get to serious because i am at such a young age .
Someone who I can be totally myself , good and bad .
Well maybe you r too young or you just want to keep your free life .
Of course not , go ahead and goodluck
I would n't have cared so much if he would have at least told me before-hand .
Sometimes girl do not wan na start to talk the thing that can make her really sad .
So that 's what she might be doing .
Do n't expect him to pull this off , it 's up to you .
Do somthing really sweet that is says ca n't stop thinking about you. sent flowers and tell her how you feel
First , it really sucks that you are homeless ! !
Look at what she wears and get her something similar !
He had been sick but now it is crazy .
If so that might be his way of asking if you did not deni it .
If you know like I do , you need to wait .
But IF HE OR SHE IS THEY ARE NOT WORTH IT !
What should we do when we se a sexy girl ?
My dads wedding was for free cuz he knew the preach they grow up to gether .
Hope it helps Most Excellent One ; ) Gary
Once a snake , always a snake .
2 ) BE OPEN TO EACH OTHER SO THAT BOTH BE COMMON THING AND MAKE SURE NO ONE REFUSE .
Anyway , I can  t think of more right now but good luck .
Yup : ) I met my first boyfriend online , as well as my husband .
You do n't want to hear * anything * about her ex-boyfriends or stuff like that .
But most of them are the rude kinds , make fun of you etc .
After you said yes , no you are not wrong .
You ca n't unless you are the one that filed it/
And if he or she did n't tell you , well .
Just kind of gently suck on his lip . do not try and eat his face . just nice and gentle .
I Am thinking on seeing my mom but should i call her first or just show up
She is too young - he is a grown man .
Got any hints from her or ideas ? . use those .
Does he take a shower the second that he gets home ?
Maybe that is why you do not want to have a gf .
It ca n't be some guy or chick on TV or romantic guy off of a soap .
I do not have any money to spend on this .
Always KEEP THE GUY WANTING MORE , DO N'T GIVE IT ALL THE FIRST NIGHT .
That Is when things went down hill .
Get out of your mothers basement .
The bigger the man , the bigger the ego which is a turn off .
We are n't psychics . but if you have to ask . chances are you do n't have much faith in the relationship .
I 've never heard it before . but I like it !
Try you are query using google.you can find many and if you find any good do plz tell me : )
And do not go with sexy in your name .
Not at all - in fact it is a Very good thing if you hold yourself till your marriage .
Sometimes people cheat because they find no other way out !
I know , this sounds horrible , but guys like to believe they can get any woman any time .
You should just try out some fun hot sex with a guy and see if it feels right .
No i did not love my husband and left-kids are fine
I have the same kind of relationship so i say YES ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Ask her best friend for ideas Vince C , Orlando , FL
Just become rich they will like you then
Depends if you want to or not
Follow his eyes and connect them with his moves and reactions then you  will find it out
I FAILED TO ANSWER THIS QUESTION.PEACE OUT !
Because there not a real man .
Just do not try to make yourself grow up to fast .
But i perfer not to talk about that with the person i am with .
I know this one , honestly , I do .
( Material- I know , but I do n't know him to say anything else about him but his looks )
I think they have too much time on their hands .
Well , if he just FORGOT , that is not a good excuse .
I do not have the haurt to tell her to go away .
She wan na talk about it , but she cannot .
Or you want something really bad because you cannot get it ! !
As for you , do n't ask for your gifts , that 's pretty lame .
For now at least , do n't talk to him , keep your distance until you cool down a bit .
Have you ever heard the saying , BOYS WILL BE BOYS ?
Go ahead and leave her becuase she deserves someone better that a loser like you ! ! ! !
If you love her , tell her .
I have twins and I get sooo many matching outfits .
Are you sure he 's working out at the gym ?
If not , and you still want her back , do n't file either .
If you like her , start flirting with her .
Making out with guys is really gross .
If not , you should not worry .
Told her as of right now i 'm rash free ; would you be my girl ?
Why do not you just ask him ?
Not if its importantif you just rung to say hi several times in one hour , that would be annoying
Plus if you have children and things do n't work out , where will the children end up ?
Do n't waste your time on the low-life looser ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Your perfect obidience in every way .
Some women tell lies . SOME men tell lies .
If you chunky or not it does not matter its what is on the inside that DOES matter !
You two only see each other for the time .
If the boy tries to keep it secret , its still gon na get around
But I never let my family know .
One more thing . do n't use the word awesome at least around young women .
Tongue her til she gets off .
Go and have a good time do not worry about them .
Keep looking for that person who will love you , and is not taken !
Do n't think it is a waste of money , atleast its a way to find your mate
He IS CURRENTLY IN BASTROP COUNTY JAIL AND WANTS TO GET MARRIED WHILE HE IS LOCKED UP .
If you do , I guess you do ( 5 years ! ! ! !
By the time I realized she was n't kidding , she shruged her shoulders and walked away - -Strange but True
Tell him to mature and start reading up on pregnancy .
Chuck THIS RELATIONSHIP INTO THE CAN . BECAUSE YOU DO N'T HAVE A RELATIONSHIP ANY LONGER .
This MIGHT TEACH HIM A LESSON , IF THEY LIKE EACH OTHER HE WILL COME BACK , BUT WITH A DIFRIENT ATTITUDE .
Are men or women more persuadeable to cheat ?
If she does not notice you i am here ! ! !
So , I 'm kind of sittin ' and ridin ' this question with ya , seeing what I can learn .
When is it a good time to give out your phone # ?
I hope this helps a bit .
The thing is she was n't bad looking at all and I think she really ment it .
What does your gut instincts say ? ?
Do n't walk around thinking Well golly gee I 'm not at all attractive so how will anyone ever like meee .
Most women will not lie you just havnt found one that is going to be honest .
Would Not call it dating but hey if you can create all the necessary backstory why not .
I 'VE DATED A LITTLE SINCE BUT I REALLY LOVED HIM AND I GUESS I COMPARE EVERYONE ELSE .
Oh AND I M VERY OPEN MINDED I HAVE DATED WOMEN BEFORE .
Aww i love what ineedlotsofhelp118 said !
They DO N'T WANT TO BE PREGNANT
Nope . but I think it would be hilarious if it happened LOL
I guess when he starts to like men
Why are some guys more horny than others ? ? ? ? ?
Becasue women already have all the answers
Even if its just a sentence .
I do n't feel right around them .
God , then Mom , maybe you are grrr if'n you are lucky .
Money is good but i do n't go on looks .
By her doing that says a ton of stuff about her .
Gone so young by amber pacific is amazing
Did you say a joke then she thinks you are funny .
I m not a virgin . but i do not regret it .
Simple is boring , complicated is not .
I like Craigslist and OK Cupid .
What do you think I should tell them ?
She jumped him but he got up .
Once a guy said , Nice to see you .
Tell her to mind her own business and if she do n't like the way you do things to bad .
And i want to call him again but would it bother him ?
Five minutes sounds kind of wimpy if its a usual time thing and not a quickie with the kids downstairs .
The first on , if this some extra baggag isn ` t very extra : )
He only said hey to me once .
If you believe lesbos are cool then say so and if not then why ? Me personnaly well I am one ! !
Why is n't he moving in with you that is the real question here !
I Am also very loyal to my girlfriend .
No flower , no candies nothing like that .
Do not beleve if they say love is a feeling !
If not , your just wasting your time .
( dudes , and others , this is my cousin asking this , not me , lol , I do not swing that way . )
Because THE GRASS IS ALWYS GREENER ON THE OTHER SIDE .
Because she is insecure and does not want to be alone , it is called co-dependency !
Help , I do n't know what to do !
Well first , is there any way you can tell if he 's been active on this account or not ?
If you try to find love , it 's so easy to see things that are n't there .
I do not do the bar seen because I do not drink , so what do you do ?
Or try to laugh it off .
Well there is actually alot of different points to this question .
I 've actually met four people i chatted with in online dating sites .
You obviously do not love her if you gave up when you should be there for her .
No he is not a cheater . the rings not on the finger yet .
Tell YOUR SPOUSE TO SEND A POST CARD ABOUT IT FROM THEIR NEW ADDRESS ! ! !
So we secretly ganged up on him !
He really liked me , so i pretended to like him , and we dated !
Any tips to at least hide it ?
Do you really think he is a bad guy ?
Wait , I forgot a good nap is up there , too !
Ask her what she likes and does not like .
So I thought I  would ask you .
However he should not be leading you on with pillow talk .
I find it kind of new and interesting when a girl says that they like me .
First , STOP GIVING HIM MIXED SIGNALS BECAUSE YOU DO N'T WANT TO HURT HIM , HE WILL INTERPRET THEM AS LOVE .
If it is , nobody never cheats .
If she says no forget her
If you will look at my photo . maybe you will wish to have 3rd bf ! !
I personaly go for the guys with blue eyes and blond hair .
And what if things do not work out ?
Coz i had it with a person . who is my best friend
Gifts do not always mean he love you .
I honestly do n't agree with most people here .
Was there someone that cheated on you , that made you upset at girls ?
I never get enough kisses and hugs .
People ask me that for my last question
Infidelity , I say never get married , marriage is the # 1 because of Divorce ! !
I 've always been the type of person who falls for my best friend .
But if he does it to you again .
It 's just not worth the safety risk .
Not saying you are a bad lover but some women take a really long time to get off .
You do n't know you have to trust him
Pls help me out here truthfully .
My BOYFRIEND JUST PROPOSED ON CHRISTMAS AND I DO NOT KNOW WHERE TO START .
Ask , but never hide your feelings .
If you like mt advice e-mail me at tech_boy001 @ yahoo.com
They are out there , we just have to start acting like one .
Folk got nothing better to do and will read anything case in point .
Surf P O R N online , or MAS TUR BATE .
If you just told her a funny joke then it is a good thing .
Money is good if your thinking about the future or just a suga daddy .
Suggest that you date others for awhile .
I met my fiancee on the internet ! ! !
Not all girls are like that .
Wait till he is ready if you really love him you wil wait till he is ready good luck
! even if i start to do dating by net ! ! !
I agree , start seeing other women .
You have n't found a good guy because you 've been too busy with this loser .
They do n't give up the sex answ3r3r
That is what women like , real guys , not fake guys
Or ask him if he still likes you .
Make sure its okay wit your cousin first .
I will make a bloody love story for our p.e .
Because if he LOVED you he would n't put you down or cheat on you .
First of all , do n't just bust out with I LOVE YOU !
Looking past the text . ask your buddy ( best friend ) what he thinks . never know . might work out
Life is to short for the what if 's
Cuddling with my husband and reading a good book !
Well that you will find out more later .
If he says he loves you but is not in Love with you .
Maybe its because some girls have something the other gurl does n't have ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I have already asked this guy out once but on a message and he did not call back .
I hope some body answer me becuase this thing really because a proplem for me ? ? ? ?
Good Luck and try to do better next time , God loves you !
Instead of focusing all you are attention on you are partner , you just think about other things .
Tell them the same thing i do .
No MATTER WHAT HAPPENS DO N'T EVER LET HIM MAKE YOU THINK ITS YOUR FAULT .
There , I said what you want to say to her !
Instead just tell him you had a massage with someone and unexpectedly you had an orgasm .
I got to go now and take a time out
Cuz this one girl is confusing me
If you do search for it you may ot with a false one .
Men nvr understand girls . . its ok we nvr will
You know it is like a marriage .
Ask her for the DVD version , vhs tape will not last !
Cuz this one girl is confusing me
If you do search for it you may ot with a false one .
Men nvr understand girls . . its ok we nvr will
You know it is like a marriage .
Ask her for the DVD version , vhs tape will not last !
Show confidence and treat her well !
I make great friends on here .
He is kind of redneck type of guy , in good sense of words ; - )
Designpro has it do not ever give money or pay bills for someone you are dating .
What should I do to flirt with her ?
And he continues . . the next day you see it again .
God blessed me with that special someone , i 'm 31 yrs .
Or you could think about all the things he could of done behind your back .
First , if you love him I do n't see how you could even care about his looks at all .
Luckily I have n't had to start a fight .
I clapped my hands and my face shows it too !
Beautiful FACE WITH SOME EXTRA BAGGAGE .
Because guys are turn on by sight .
You just have to do the research and ask around to a couple places .
Its a nice question when you look at it .
Basically . do not dwell on the past
Then again-who says a girl could n't have both : )
Maybe that is the motivation he needs .
And the other guy goes to the college in the next town over .
People read everything they just do n't always answer .
To GET LUCKY PLEASE GO RETHINK THAT QUESTION BEFORE YOU POST IT ON THE WORLD WIDE WEB
A peice of shit that hangs from your ass hairs .
Lemmi know . as soon as you find 1 !
They like a guy who listens .
Hold her hand and snuggle , give her lots of kisses and hug her real tight .
Lol I am going to take a stab at guessing here and say 12 times in a week .
Women have it so tough these days .
Well . just sit back and think . who would you give the world for ?
Do n't look for a problem that is n't there .
Not until both of you all start going out will he like just you .
So how and the heck am i too meet a partner if i cannot talk to strangers ! ! ?
Definately a liar . and possibly a cheater . my ex boyfriend did the exact same thing
Uhmmmm how about looking for a job .
Take it from me its not worth it
He 's keeping his options open incase you guys do n't work out
After breaks you should go to bathroom to do sssssssssss & sisisisisisiisiiisii .
Oh , I would n't be happy with that at all .
Forget her and them then you  will find them follow you . believe me
Take it from me its not worth it
He 's keeping his options open incase you guys do n't work out
After breaks you should go to bathroom to do sssssssssss & sisisisisisiisiiisii .
Oh , I would n't be happy with that at all .
Forget her and them then you  will find them follow you . believe me
If you are thinking about sexual things about that person , then it is .
If you plan on getting married I really hope it 's for LOVE - Good Luck & Happy Holidays !
They are only uncomfortable if you wear them on your head .
You just have to be willing to take that risk .
I guess you do n't : ) just kidding , try your best and see what happens .
Apparently , this guy has issues . with himself .
Its not gon na be a quick fix and it takes time .
That 's what I heard once , & thought it was cute .
My ex-boyfriend 's sister and i used to be really close .
And what would that do to your self confidence if it did not ?
Have fun untill the ride stops , then get off and get another .
My husband made me a pair of half caret diamond studs !
How should I become a ladies ' man ?
But what if it does n't work out ?
But one time I asked a girl for a date , and she accepted !
When you do n't talk do you miss him ?
What r the things to talk about.and how do you do it inorder not to piss him off .
O.k. , those are my quirky turnoffs !
No we actually do listen but you guys can give such silly answers ?
Its not that big a deal , then from there you will be able to see where his heads at .
He cried , but was n't really hurt .
Mn_sassygal you can lie to me any time whooooa what a dish
Does this kind of love last for ever ?
Maybe not now , or soon , but one day she will cheat .
: ) Not so bad is it ?
YOU could always try just talking 2 him and see what happens
Mabie he wants you to leave .
If you do not ask you will never know .
Write & i  will tell you more By the way - you r appreciated for your help on yahoo answers .
So EVEN THOUGH I KNOW IT 'S REALLY OVER HOW CAN I GET THESE FEELINGS TO STOP ?
See if you can get her to hang out with you as a friend first .
If you try to be sth you are n't you  will just look silly and girls sense this kinds of things .
Id ask her and if she says yes she cheating then yeah she has to go .
It 's just something you feel deep down
Eats lunch with them 3 days a week .
Lately I have been feelin guilty for bein wit my man , but , thinkin about this other guy .
Stealth setting are like the ignore buttom ?
Mostly HIS CHOICE.I JUST CA N'T SEEM TO GET HIM OUT OF MY MIND .
We HAD DIFFERENCES W/MY KIDS AND OTHER THINGS SO I TELL MYSELF IT WOULD NEVER WORK .
When i realize that some one like you cares to ask me that .
Most people do n't even get that .
Take a left when you get to hell .
That way you know what you  are getting into .
Because you  are thinking he 's not okay .
- To a man = mon chri , pronounced [ mo ( n ) shay ree ] .
Hey , that 's a cool necklace you have there !
I did n't like the French way , it felt too dirty .
Not very good , since it looks like a whole bunch of people already did !
If you cared about those days at all you wo n't want to carry on the really bad ones now .
Nowadays women should take the hand of control all the wedding side
She will also think of it as kind of dirty that she did someone her best friend did .
You ca n't . that ship has sailed .
About four to five times a week .
Never try to be bitchy , doing so wud only make matters worse .
I think that means that she only interested in in only boys .
It depends but most girls i have met like mature guys with a good sense of humor .
Hmmm , i do not know why . but when i am in a crowd i feel crowded . know why ?
YOU know those things that a woman does that sends off warning sugnals in you are head ?
Wow , orgasms from just getting a foot massage , man are you horny ! ! ! !
Never use a pick upline on somebody no matter how funny it sounds .
YOU should only have sex if you are married .
I Am is a good way if you do n't care too much about him
I would definitely go for true love !
But that did n't stop me from the best one nite stand i have ever had .
Yes . and farted too . but not during the same episode .
You just have to find us .
We  are all gay . it 's all about what you prefer
If she just want to have casual sex with you , just enjoy it .
Just say I LOVE YOU 2 .
A walk in a park , feed some greese , something like that .
When was this golden age anyway ?
I think a kiss is harmless , so any age .
Worst is , she will not answer her phone or e-mails to explain .
I guess because nobody cares about others deep down and they would rather sit there in self pity .
It will find you thts the only way
But i 'm oldschool and think that is appropriate-maybe i am a dinosaur .
Let Us vote and put it to rest
Why DO MEN CHEAT ON A WHEN THERE IN A GOOD RELATIONSHIP ? ? ? ?
And do it before the other guy does !
Because we are just attracted to the opposit sex.That Is just how it goes.Try It !
This may sound hard but best way is : to start dateing again .
Like , I met one guy today for lunch . he was very nice , but I also chat with other guys too .
Maybe you just ai n't cool enough .
Be confident do not think negative make you are mind positive .
Choose the restaurant . but say , I chose this because I want the best for you .
If she is not interested then she will not care about you or what you say .
Dumped her sorry butt and found me a good woman .
Because they get the male species hot !
A thong is more like . underwear , swimsuit . A G-string is flimsy , for lingerie wear They are BOTH butt floss , though .
Maybe he had it on there and forgot about it ?
Yeah they would , yes i image so if that is what they want
I woke up with him on top of me and his * * * * * inserted in my cl * t
He 's a jerk - get rid of him
I found the person i was destined to be a little 2 late .
I still call up one of those women every once in a while to go out for a beer .
Most gays will not admit that they are .
But the point is . you need to tell him ! !
Usally it means the cat/dog needs to go for the night before going to bed
You would not buy a pair of shoes without trying them on . why should sex be any different .
If you are n't happy move on .
A friend of mine told me this is normal . i am hoping she is right ! ! !
Now , if it was an artist that did modeling on the side , i  would be in like flynn .
I gave up looking for the one and once I stopped looking , he just kind of showed up .
Let him watch some adults movies : ) ) ) ) kidding . ask him what does it make him stop ?
No please do not feel bad - instead feel good !
Who goes to death by his own will ! ! ! !
If I were you I would question it and be worried .
2. do n't ask do you love me if you ca n't reciprocate .
Or , in plain english , ask her if it 's ok . : ) -w
Right now she is the backup plan if you do n't come back , dos n't sound like love to me
) and if you do n't you will feel having lost out on a important and beautiful relationship .
Do Not harp on the issue as that will only drive him away from you ( guys see it as nagging ) .
Because what you are doing is wrong and it wou n't last well .
Avoid it like the fiery pit of you know where !
They are n't you just got ta learn thier language .
Oh , and I like a good cup of coffee and sunny days .
Coz I am not a native speaker of english .
I do n't want any drama , i just want my dress back .
Are there not enough problems with this world ?
Hm , let me think about that . NO !
Do n't ask her if it 's OK. Just do it .
Hey my dear friend do not worry man .
My answer . most men do n't ( from what I observed ) .
The SAME WAY A SINGLE MOM DOES !
I think its hot when a girl is a virgin . most guys do .
That 's tough , its an unusual setup .
Watch 40 yr old virgin that movie is kik ass funny and it will give you some tips
Second , IT DOES N'T REALLY MATTER WHAT YOU DO BECAUSE HE WILL END UP GETTING HURT NO MATTER WHAT .
Ask your ex-boyfriend this question : Is it ok for me to date other men , while i am with you ?
And how sweet , and kind you can be !
Old and we have been together going on 4 yrs .
There will be drunk nights where hooking up is all too easy .
And explain to them that they should be happy that you have found someone to make you very happy !
Put down the magazines and go out of your house .
Did I just cheat on him ?
You might also wan na talk to him and see if he likes you how you like him .
Next time you get jiggy with it ask her if you can use the vibrator on her .
And she is wonderful . now it 's a parttime job you do n't like ?
Some guy just want to have fun , other guys want something more serious . etc .
How do I know so much ? ? ? ?
Its hard to forget things that were between you .
If its pass then let it go .
Well hun if you decide to meet the guy that is when it becomes dangerous .
No sweetie , this is not cheating .
Just try to remember its their loss not yours .
Both men n women . well . difference is that . men r more desperate for sex . while for women . commitment is also important !
In 10 years , when he has that big old beer gut , look back at him a laugh !
( uggggllllyy ) anyways , there are some out there , but they are few and far between .
Just wondering cuz of the holiday season
Honey i would drop her like a rock . she is not worth it ! ! ! ! !
If your happy but it 's other people that are not happy i.e .
Not at all , you just want that special feeling you get from it .
Love is MORE THAN THAT its that you just like to be with , work with and trust your life with .
Most men could care less if they married or not .
? may be on the street !
You already know what you should do .
Do you not wan na help him ?
See if she is your tipe
Call her and tell that you love her
Do YOU THINK HE MIGHT NOT FEEL THE SAME WAY ?
Casablanca ( ca n't believe I 'm the 1st to tag this one )
That is n't fair , and would n't you hate it if someone did that to you ?
It literally almost broke me down because he said our love was neverending and I loved him so much .
Because you  are dating the wrong people
I am sooooooooo lucky to have him : - )
However , do n't worry , there are still guys like me out here .
In my experience , love always seems to come my way when I least expect it or want it .
Then get out quickly/cleanly , take the children !
Good luck and just so you know i would think it was pushing it to .
I like the look of jennifer love hewit and jessica alba but hey that is why its a fantasy .
Get over your self and let him go with someone who thinks more of him that you ever did ! ! ! ! !
Or you could try casually starting a conversation about diamonds . that would work too
Some thing is let us get in bed
Should i ask him what he meant by this or should i wait until he says something .
Show her your sausage and if she smiles then she likes you
If you are really worried you might just want to get a paternity test ! !
How old is ever1 on here
Tell her that you need some privacy , a little time off , alone time : ) . stuff like that .
Ya never know until you try it .
But do not forget she is your sis and no man is worth it .
Outdoor wedding . lots of colorful flowers , jewel tone fabrics.no silk florals
It could be anything and he 's just to scared to tell you
Entice him by showing him some skin . a sure fire success .
After they  will b relaxed , feeling great & ready to thank you ! !
49-52 is a small group , you should be looking at the 40-60 age group .
It 's not as scary as it seems .
You better give her a dinner date .
Breakups are hard but you will find the person that is love of your life .
Problem is , I still love her .
You need to leave him right now , its only getting worse from here .
Do n't let her bat her eyelashes and convince you its not .
What should I do now ?
Only guys here the the secretaryy is like super ugly and about 25 years older than i am .
It really depends if the guy really likes the girl or not .
Not.it is not cheating you just start or trying to cheating
You should start your life a new .
Omg so ask him to go study with you in libary !
A 10 dollar gift card for a thrift store . LOL
Everytime I look into my girlfriend 's eyes , I can see the beach .
YOU do not have love without a lover !
Is he SURE he is OK with that ?
YOU just have to be you are self .
I do n't belive in the lifestyle !
Take a breather , ( I 'm sure he is feeling a little bad too ) and go cuddle with him .
I do not care about the diamonds or the cost of my wedding ring .
Yahoo personals is number 1. match.com is number 2. you  will have better luck at yahoo .
No it is not bad at all .
So , do n't look here and there . just stick to the first bf .
Easy . ask yourself if you would take a bullet for him .
But then I wan na be with my kids and husband .
Alright , so you and she have the same taste in guys .
Do N'T MAKE A FAST MOVE , BUT USE THAT GOD GIVEN INTRUMENT - YOU ARE MOUTH .
People read anything they can get to .
1 of my friends cheated on somebody and they HATE her .
But falling for everyone is not right .
Ok , if you ask nicely I will .
Remember : Men are from Mars women are from Venus
Cus you guys are a handful .
Do you want to get married ? ?
Hell , you 've known him for five years !
The wilder the better , I do n't want someone who just lays there .
( Interestingly none of them would dare date a black guy ! )
You GO GIRL AND STAND UP FOR YOURSELF YOU HERD ME !
Guys do n't care about telling them romantic things .
Whatever Jason says will lead to a war and will not be effective .
Barefoot on the beach with just family and a few close friends .
You NEED TO DO SOME INVESTIGATING BEFORE YOU ASSUME THAT SHE IS CHEATING .
So should I give him an ultimatum ?
Fool me once shame on you .
Should i hang on and wait .
Yes there is I have a best friend relationship
And if he says YEA , kick him in the crotch .
Anything less than that , forget it !
Talking sexually or intimatly with anoyone other than your spouse is cheating .
We  are [ the girls ] just starting what they [ the guys ] did years ago .
Evrybody does it . try it , its great
Whoever you are dating now put in on hold until you are though with your divorce
I 'm yet to discover the same !
Especially if you  are not the girlie type .
There are so many things think about first .
The female brain is far too complicated for that !
I know it sounds superficial , but wow . wear good shoes !
But on the other hand ( you woman - ya  will r sneaky and devias sometimes .
( psst , it 's the 6th string on the guitar )
So suck it up and ask him directly already .
Instead wait for the true love to find you .
Have a nice life.then find another.believe me there are plenty out there
If he does move in with these girls make it a point to be around .
And try to do things for little money to begin with .
If he 's your ex , do n't get him anything !
Love is not about the size . is about the all the rest toghether .
Never give up or stop trying , its too important
So you should really take time to think it over .
If you are just chatting about normal things with no intention of sex , then no , it 's fine !
So that guy who you like is also a gay ?
If you have to ask that question , just walk away
Honestly if they did you think they  would be so amaze with the fact that we have them too
She did n't want to quit doing it .
My boyfriend and I just do n't have much fun .
I think if you ask any woman though respect should be # 1 on everyone is list .
Not having much fun just now , are you ? ? ?
YOU and the friend need to keep quiet
! but i don , t know wether it is my fault or society fault ?
Cuzzz they are women they have pussy and butt that why .
Could n't stop thinking about the other man until the one I love came home .
But sex is a bigger issue .
Go to one who realy knows what love is and then ask : Does love change ?
Some girls jsut do n't know how to say no , same as guys .
Well girls and boys do the same thing .
If there is a second date , that is a good sign
How i can enjoy her sexually
Slower is better than faster except for the occasional quickie . lol
I bet you she will want you then !
Look for a guy who does not attract you .
If their happines means more that your own .
I 'm a married guy that loves shemale porn .
If you do n't think that that is cheating then NO you did not .
If they cannot stand it or get used to it maybe you shoud move .
Maybe your not enough or good enough for her that she has to use it
Email call drop a note yeah its okay to ask .
She 's drunk passed out laying there is not she ?
Its right next to your heart .
K what he told you ask it to him back
Ask yourself if you only fall in love with forbidden fruit . ?
Is it so you do n't get caught looking ?
He told me he is tryin to wait it out with her .
They should go to dinner and a movie .
Sure , people do it on line every day .
Cheap Trick , If you want my love Now give me a 10 , thanks .
Or if you really fear the rejection then tell one of his friends that you like him .
You sure you know what you  are talking about ?
Do N'T TALK TO HIM ABOUT GUYS YOU LIKE OR ARE DATING , THAT WILL ONLY HURT HIM MORE .
Boys like girls personality and their looks .
It does n't matter how much sex you 've had , I would n't use that as a consideration at all !
A guy that takes the lead and stay in control
So you can please her better so she can forget about that vibrator !
Sounds like you are just interested in appearence , check myspace groups
Maybe he 's after that green card
I say go for it and enjoy it ! !
? , , , nuttin to worry bout in my opion
That 's how men think , we  are a simple people !
Because some people do not like other people .
Yes and by the way - where have you been asking that question for the last 10 years ?
Sorry i am at work with no messenger .
Because no one told them not to lie .
Just always remember you are family does love you and always will .
You leave everything in a mess , and expect us to pick up the pieces
Tell him the bitter reallity slowly with hand in hand .
If you need to dissmiss him , then do that too .
No i met my baby online and we 've been together for 4 years now
I gave him a note , but he did not reply yet .
If you realy luvs him , juz go ask him whether he or not ?
Not French . the language of love . the most beautiful sounding language .
Wow I KNOW HOW YOU FEEL .
But it would be wrong if you actually did it .
If she 's just messing , flirting around then a quite talk wud do .
You do n't trust him or you would n't be asking .
But trust me not all women are flirts .
Forget her with a little spit - even she do n't diserve that
He or she is n't worth it .
The day she does n't like having it , maybe after a few hundreds or can she count after that !
I tried to call him but he is either not home or nobody picks up the phone .
But you can not make him want you in his life .
He RAPED YOU ! THAT 'S RAPE IF HE DI N'T HAVE YOUR CONSENT .
If you are a cheater yourself you are certain to get a cheater.this is divine rule .
How do I get a bf ?
It is always appropriate to tell someone you love them , even if you do n't .
True love . money will fade away but true love will not .
Do Not get involved and ruin a marriage .
If you have to start counting on your toes .
After you will say hi to her try to show what a person you are ( i am about personality ) .
Give to her a flower today and a present on christmas
An ideal wedding spot would be near the beach on a sunset setting .
Oh ya there is always some body out there for everyone .
For share our thoughts & love
To qoute sir mix alot I like Big buts and I can not Lie you other brothers ca n't deny .
Show her that you really care .
But i do belive in love online !
Do n't be afraid to take a chance .
No BUT . I AM COMIONG FOR YOU I KNOW WHERE YOU LIVE
It kind of backfired but it was worth it !
Give him flowers.give a good bye kiss .
Sounds like were in the same boat .
I would go with the artist
The word friend itself reveales the story - FRY-END , , SO DO I NEED TO EXPLAIN ANY THING MORE ? ? ? ?
I tell him I do n't like him he say 's he does n't like me either !
Come on girl , get up and get your baby and leave the fool .
And i was in graduation final year .
Did he ever give you reason to be ?
Being happy IS THE RIGHT THING !
No UNLESS YOU TRUST HIM WITH ALL YOUR HEART
And no other guys in the picture to be jealous of .
If not then find someone else .
I like to let my 2 boys and the big tree hang loose every now and then .
Dun you have specific quetions than open ones ? ?
Marriage WILL NOT CHANGE A THING EITHER WAY !
There 's a big difference between a crush and love .
Hes a d ! ck you do not want to associate with players like him .
Mom always told me not to talk to strangers !
If you are like me . once you love , you always love .
All men find something in women that they love and eyes ar n't always it .
( trust me this works 4 most of the time ) Good Luck : )
I 'm going to bring my family with me i 'm not that stupid .
Put the computer away and go for the real thing that is right at home waiting for you .
If not talk to him about it if he loves you he will understand
Do you know what your saying ?
Gurl GO ON LATINO SITES YOU CAN MEET PEOPLE THAT WAY .
They want all of your time
He 's just not that into you .
If he persist , then get 'ghetto ' with it .
Cz they too will think the same way about us .
Because it taste like banana cream pie !
Since you have raise the point , I realize that too !
I would not advice eyeing another person 's gf .
I Am asuming you are a woman .
Now back away from the computer dude .
Also compare them with a list of what you like/hate about this person .
You should ask yourself if he loves you so much why is n't he leaving ?
I had a crush on a guy for 3 yrs .
I once told a gay friend to be careful or he would get AIDS .
There 's a lot so i  will try to narrow it down to 3 things .
Be HONEST TO HUSBAND , LOVE HIS FAMILY , DO N'T SAY EVERYTHINGTO HUBBY ,
If he gives you a bad time about accidentally losing it . RED FLAG .
Do what your heart tells you to do it is the best thing right now
Now , now . there are great dating sites out there .
She DEFINITELY WANTS YOU TO ! !
No chance at all . i 've read it .
For me i do not know how to lie and i do not want to know either .
This is like asking , how do you know if your straight .
So stop looking , and just hang out with your friends and have fun .
Or do you believe in love online ?
You know , maybe they  will invite you over for trist !
Be careful w/ the company you keep .
Brunette for sure . who said Blondes have more fun ?
If you  are an idiot keep posting stupid things alright ?
Well MY ADVISE IS FOR YOU TO TELL HIM HOW YOU FEEL .
He will not be worth your time .
There is no way you can be together ?
Brunette for sure . who said Blondes have more fun ?
If you  are an idiot keep posting stupid things alright ?
Well MY ADVISE IS FOR YOU TO TELL HIM HOW YOU FEEL .
He will not be worth your time .
There is no way you can be together ?
Eventually , reality sets in though but you are still always happy .
A nice dinner a movie and a soft kiss : x
I never miss an opportunity to tell her .
Does that excite you , guys ?
Just another way of spicing up thier sex lives .
Just tell them that you do not want a marrige right now .
And what tune to talk to him in ?
It goes back to the cave man days babe .
Good LUCK AND REMEMBER IT 'S NEVER YOUR FAULT .
Because thay fell something inside of them and thay want to have you know what
Its beautiful , might be hard to come by though .
When she says no do not be a stalker it will just annoy her and get you in trouble .
I guess , she just missed her son .
1. for no one every to get sick and die only die from old age .
I was wondering if you wanted to go see a movie with me on friday ?
Its beautiful , might be hard to come by though .
When she says no do not be a stalker it will just annoy her and get you in trouble .
I guess , she just missed her son .
I was wondering if you wanted to go see a movie with me on friday ?
If it does work , there are trust issues at hand .
I want a beautiful girl with good attitude and a down to earth personality may be its you > > > > > > > >
I was going to simply asnwer 'about what ? '
It F * * annoying when I do n't feel like talking ( communicating ) .
Warm cocoa makes peeople feel in love , you know !
You should set things straight with her .
Try to be your self and just start a conversation with one and hope for the best
Do Not Know what else willt ake you are own judgement
She cheated on me but I still love her because of her courage .
I told him i did n't like that and I wanted to kiss him but with no tongue .
You wo n't know unless you try though !
But if ever that happens to me , i would n't be able to get over it right away .
Sorry man - do you live in theran ?
They would not love you if they did not care of your well being .
No but farted did i say that lol
She tends to giggle and become sort of shy when your around .
Show her the man you really are !
Mmm . before you decided to left him ?
So what mental hopital do you go to agian ?
I do n't think many are very smart because they 've used their looks to get away with many things .
It is definitely blond ! Blondes have this special angel look going on.But they got ta be naughty angels !
Just do n't call like every 5 mins .
Then give her that stuff and LEAVE .
But half of them were bad in bed so i wasted a lot of time on the losers !
Let her know you trust her judgment on everything and that it is all about her .
You are just hanging out in the wrong places .
Things that most guys do to hurt your feelings . let me know .
If you do not wan na lose here , just trust her .
They also think that they want a listening hubby .
I think it 's more accepted that men cheat .
First of all she should not do that .
Gifts are not perimeter of true love
She just seems the kind of person you could just sit down and talk to !
If HE SHOWED UP AT MY DOOR I WOULD PROBABLY REALLY WANT HIM BACK , BUT I KNOW I SHOULD N'T .
Well that is jus my opinion but it is what you truly think
So in other words just be yourself and if she does n't like you then she 's not right for you !
Because women think alot of things that do n't make sense .
Girls hardly ever use an obvious pick up line with men .
( ok I also giggled . but wow . horrid date ! )
He may of had it on there before seeking for a gf .
Have a couple of beers first .
Do n't tell him you had a massage with a guy cuase i think it will make him feel bad .
If sex is very good to men do they wan na keep coming back to you ?
We MALES HAVE BEEN IN PRACTICE FOR YEARS BEFORE WE LOSE IT.WE ARE READY BY THEN .
If it is the past then it should not concern you except getting tested but yeah you should just talk .
It keeps everyone wondering where you are going and who you are going with !
You should be asking a lot of questions .
He needs to show you he wants you !
Alot of money would be nice , wo n't lie .
I pick it up and just stare at it .
Reality is that you are not gon na get such a girl .
Would apreciate helpl with this difficult problem
There is NOTHING to make up ! !
Call on the phone and ask her out
Cuz love dose not hurt you ! !
If you have at least 1 , then your set !
Then EVERY ONE ELSE HAS TO UNDERSTAND .
She will always think you two still have something going on .
I going to wait 5 or 6 yrs after I get engaged .
Let HIM GO , SOON HE  WILL REALIZE WHAT HE HAD !
Since you already called him once , donot call him again .
Whta is the right words that i should say to this kind of man ?
I would have to say yes , i would not say that unless i liked the girl
The guy above please note that its grammar and not grammer .
Its a good place to lay were head on and because they do not have boobs .
As long as you are good to her , and its ok with her , then yes , stay with her .
I was a good looking guy to begin with but I was just shy .
Sitting at the beach , watching my kids play .
She Will think that you are way 2 serious to start .
Oh I so have the same problem .
Whch ever ones work out more ( depends )
There Is some things that need to change or i  will leave and i ca n't even get him to listen
Gim ME 10 POINTS PLEASE AND CALL FOR VOTING
Having one girl that you really care about can be very satisfing .
I was n't doing it for the money but because I loved him .
Have YOUR FRIEND FIND OUT IF SHE LIKES YOU AND THEN GO FROM THERE
Then proceed to have cyber sex cam to cam ! !
Or do what the other guy said , large members work too .
But do n't just go in at the speed of light !
You should n't have to try to get a boyfriend , it should just happen .
Us guys only think one way and that is the easiest way to get punani .
Just be yourself , treat her nice , give her a date she  will never forget
And boy was that a mistake !
Oooo girls like to be complimented .
Try to flirt and then be cold .
But even then . you best bet would be child support .
Some guy liked me when i was in 6th grade and it was n't sincere .
Give her a red bull and she  will fly away just like in the commertial
Yes , your baby 's father is your husband only
If you are sexually attracted to the same sex then you are GAY !
No , date who you want to date , it will be you are girlfriend so ull want to like her
C'mon man , if you really love this woman , you wo n't cheat on her .
If woman has royal blood she better not get married cuz that blood is not sposed to mix
Honey , if it 's taken him this long , probably not
Is n't that trying to gow up a little too fast ?
( There 's more questions coming about her . HELP ME OUT HERE PLS )
We do not wan na be thought of as 'easy ' .
Dude , if you think she likes you , go for it , if you think she does n't , look for someone else !
Her ex-husband cheated on her , so she cheated on him to get back at him and then left him .
Let Us refraise you are Q : why do Weird guys confess to me ?
Oh my gosh , your on cloud 9 .
It is not all about the sex .
I had butterflies in my stomach b/c he scared me .
I know you heard this before .
If you do n't tell her , then nothing will ever really happen .
How DO I DEAL WITH IT ?
Neither ill just keep dating my girlfriend
Thing and tie yourself to just one person . you should be getting to know all sorts of guys .
The cougars are out there . and they will find you .
Maybe his is a virgin , or possibly waiting til he 's married , maybe he has a std or small penis .
If you guys are friends i think it is best to just stay that way .
She said she is gon na call me and let me know .
What is wrong in it , if she likes another guy and have friendship with him .
A ring is just a ring
I would n't put up with it if he says he wants to marry me , because marriage is permanent .
Surely YOU ARE NOT THAT DESPERATE THAT YOU HAVE TO GO ON AN ADULT SITE .
Only if the girls are sexy though .
Just that the girl is straight ( not a lesbian ) and somewhat immature .
You just sort of have to help it become perfect .
The situation i 'm in now , my guy has to go threw catholism classes .
There is no future in it
Sometimes the boys that do not talk that much pay more attention to their girlfriends when they get 1
Maybe he will not mind if you were not even there
She Will flirt with you and be nice to you .
I  would be a rich mofo right now .
The only thing I regret is that I married the wrong person . lol !
If he is a geek or nerd thinkgeek.com
Some place that is not full of noise !
And please , do n't ever get married simply for that reason .
Yes it is because then she would have to cheat and that would not be good
Think of things to say to him .
Jst say tht he 's the best thing tht ever happnd to you in you are life .
There are a lot of stupid questions on here . like who emailed me last !
Every girl wants to be asked out !
But if she does n't like you back that way she will feel akward around you after that
Well . when you feel that that the person you like . gets on the top of you are priority list ! !
Do Not ask sexual or questions that pertain to the crap that she usually gets at a club !
2 , and you now wat 1 of them barely even talkz 2 me and treatz me like crap !
Girls like to play hard to get . not knowing the age here .
How you can be sure that the wife too is not cheating the husband .
A lot of guys want that too .
Well do you want to marry me then sence its so urgert to you that i am .
Listen & listen & listen & listen & then talk .
He WAS PROBABLY THE ONLY MAN I EVER TRULY LOVED .
And what i should do to overcome this proplem ? ? ?
That would win me over in a heart beat !
Money , cheating , in laws , no time spent together
YOU had to ask : does the exist love ? ?
Milk In La Frigerator or My Ignorant Little Friend
His girl hitting on another guy right in front of him .
It 's either your appreciated or funny or you got something on your face
Also , ask yourself , do you feel bad after doing it ?
Ask her if you can buy her something to drink and sit and chat for a bit !
Not interested in rekindling the love you once had .
Tell him that there is a a sports ilusttrated swim suit model out side waiting for him
If you are the same age go with friends and check it out
Do you really mean that because i think it is really bad to date online
You ask him to stop and he will not hes bisexual .
Well , first off she put boys instead of men .
But , if you would risk your own life to defend his . then you are in love ! !
Sometimes i feel i should because he do not see her anymore .
The best advice my mother ever gave me was Marry your best friend !
You DO NOT NEED THAT IN YOUR LIFE .
And WHY DO WOMEN CHEAT WHEN THEY HAVE SOMETHING REAL GOOD ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
The guy 's got issues he needs to work out .
I am 26 years old and untill now i don , t have girl friend ? i know nobody believe that ! !
Flirting is healthy . cyber sex is cheating .
I am in my mid 50 's .
If you meet nice boi then they would like 4 just doing you .
Maybe he is a christian and he beleives that you should not have sex untill after you are married .
As for your answer . I wish I were an 8 ball . a prophetic soul . but I 'm not .
Damn . now if only I could take my own advice , lol !
That Is what i did and it worked .
You just have a high sex drive .
Because GUY ARE SICK PERVERTS WHO MAKE US THINK THAT !
Of course you should n't go out with him !
Like they all said very slim !
Try to meet real woman off-line . that 's the hard thing , huh ?
But I also cherish my female friends because they are awesome , too !
If you do what this then keep doing what your doing .
Dear , You are friend even now .
Maybe he actully did lose your phone number and he likes you back .
Ask her about her and seem interested in what she says !
This WILL BE HARD IF YOUR REALLY REALLY SERIOUS .
Treat HER LIKE IT WAS THE FIRST MOMENT THAT YOU FELL IN LOVE WITH HER .
What if it was a part-time job you did n't even like anyway ?
Well if you can amange a long future with them then your in love
Have a talk about it with her do not yell or get in a fight .
Maybe he thinks that you are trying to break up wit him or tell him sumthing that he wo n't like . maybe !
Tell him you  are pregnant and see what happens
What would a woman do that would make you faithful to her and eat from her palms ?
Most women are pretty shy about voicing what gets them off .
Listen this happend to me alot .
Am i going to believe in him ?
Couple here Not often enough , because of the Kids ! ! ! !
I KNOW YOU LOVE YOUR FAMILY , BUT THIS IS YOUR CHOICE AND YOUR FUTURE CHOOSE IT WISELY .
Do Not take it seriously I do not mean it in a bad way .
Find a girl that you like and treat her nicely and just be your self .
If YOU wan na have a relationship online , just keep it at that .
My fvorite aunt is dying , I can not take anymore deaths !
Myself , I always stick with the ca n't go wrong routine .
Get on the net on a webcam .
Go to a nice restraunt and eat n talk
Then again , if its not from before you guys got together then yes , he is a cheater .
Men w/ men is not beneficial to anything , man with woman makes life !
Once they start looking , we girls can get whatever we want from them : P
I told him to call me and he had not .
Guys are more about what you do -action based expressions .
Well , if you really like her . I do n't think I would ask her out . have you heard the term rebound . ?
Why ca n't you ask him out ?
If he loves you . he loves you !
I joined her in her english coaching class .
Always smile and be energetic.girls do not fall for money you can have cute gals around you with you are humor .
And , how do you determine , if you like the them , once you meet ?
Neither are what you would want him to think if it 's not true .
Be clean and neat , smile , self confidence , self-confidence , no real woman wants a weak scared man ! ! !
Well girls have a tendency to think they are acting different when they actually are not acting any different .
You know she will not be obsesive or anything like that .
Yes and i have done so in the past .
This guy choose the option of not reciving instant message
Hmmm . well , wait to see what happens with the guy and his girlfriend .
Well if you  are not just trying to pick her up you have nothing to worry about .
All women love it but most guys are to stupid to realize it
I agree with NOT just offering her unsolicited advice . what a turn-off ! ! !
Best of luck to you Jolly Roger !
Be yourself after all that is what your best at so take my advice go with yourself
Go to my 360 and check a few pics i have listed .
Girl , if you view your Grandmother as fabulous and fun , Go !
As one of her interests in an online profile ?
Guys think about sex all the time too . probably more than you .
For my wife and I ( 30 yrs ) on my birthday .
Well I do n't have a Britney Spears , but I do have a beautiful wife .
I do not live anywhere near that place .
No . dump him and find another one
Regardless of what anyone else thinks .
Why do YOU HaVe-To have This gal ? ? ?
Bang his best friend , have someone videotape it ( or tape it yourself ) and then make him watch it !
I almost always have to initialize the quick pecks during the day ! !
No once a cheat always a cheat .
I think it is not sufficient to give one 's views . you should specify details
And her cousin , and her neighbors .
Just pick the one you like
I did n't die or even explode .
But that would be too direct .
Well , EVERY WOMAN/MAN WOUL LIKE LOVE BETTER , EVEN IF THEY DO N'T ADMITTED .
Just tell htem that you have not found the one yet .
Or you lived in the gay part of Hollywood and the gayness just sucked you in !
YOU NEVER NEVER KNOW WHAT SHE FEELS .
Take him a beer and say sorry about that stupid argument .
Also , do n't EVER give a girl money .
Cuddling on the couch and watching tv with my family !
Most of the tim eits for sex
Everyone knows what is the love , but no one can explain what is it
You can get close to them by either dating them or to have sex
Of course I do n't live in NYC .
We are not complicated is just that we are too cute to get what we want
There 's one nice thing about having a car without auto-locks .
Then go ahead and stay with him/her if you want .
When in Rome , you know the rest .
: - ) Sorry , did you mean something else ?
1-200 box , for this month rent .
Pay a random girl to spread a rumor that you r great in bed and have a huge member
Coz My Partner is a Good Player !
There are a lot of handsome guys .
We SPLIT OVER A YEAR AGO .
I wear thongs because they are sexy and they turn on men !
And no , I do not regret it .
We have a 1 year old lil girl together .
He si the most coolest guy in school .
3- a toy for my baby .
I start believe that girls like only rich guy with muscular body and nice hair style ? ?
Most guys i know with looks are absolutely pig-headed , do n't have a personality , or are completely stupid .
A lot i ca n't count.lol.no seriously i think about 25 . gee !
Well , i play the drumset , but i 'm not hot !
Just ask someone you like out
How well should I know a guy , before meeting him in person ?
B/c MARRIAGE CHANGES EVERYTHING IN THE RELATIONSHIP !
If they keep callin you AFTER . you tell them to quit callin .
Hi , you like me , do you think i like you too ? ? ?
At present I do n't have money for day care , maids etc .
Just tell him you would like to go out sometime ?
They are just afraid to be alone !
But he is a real nice guy .
Even now i am 39 years old .
I think you should think about this .
Start there and she will lead the way to the rest .
First you cannot allow or unallow him to do anything .
If they cannot believe you and get passed that then they are not your true friends .
There is not just one answer as their are also sex addictions , mid life crisis etc .
Just ask her or comment on what ever she is looking at or doing and then go from there
Remember the grass is always greener on the other side , until you get there .
Macsteed/blondegyrl2004 : the long and short of it .
If that does n't work for you .
Face it . sleep with her man sometime in the future video tape it and send it to her .
Yes once when my nose feels so itchy because of bad bedsheets .
Hang out with him and these friends in the apartment and out .
Macsteed/blondegyrl2004 : the long and short of it .
If that does n't work for you .
Face it . sleep with her man sometime in the future video tape it and send it to her .
Yes once when my nose feels so itchy because of bad bedsheets .
Hang out with him and these friends in the apartment and out .
If he was like 5 yrs younger ? ?
Maybe she is telling you that you please her so you will not feel bad .
I  will agree that you just need to tell her how you feel .
Sometimes I love something or someone so much that when they let me down . I HATE IT ! !
They like mature guys because they want someone who know what he 's doing and not trying .
Now that is a quesion worth answering
No i have never sneezed during sex . but it would be really funny if one of us did .
Make love to her , do not just have sex ( if you are in love with her ) .
Little boys do not really ever like girls .
I have slammed peoples heads in their lockers once .
If your answer is no , do not read any further and dump him right away .
We TELL EACH OTHER I LOV YOU EVERY NIGHT .
Make them WORK for your love to .
Dodge Ram ; it 's a pick up
Because she did not do nothing wrong .
Jesus man , might aswell shoot myself now !
If that Fails EBAY EBAY EBAY
Well , during that break I met another guy adn I really like him , but , I do love my man .
But it was good for me .
I SURE HOPE THAT THIS IS NOT MEGAN IF IT IS RUN FAST AND RUN HARD AWAY FROM THAT . ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
If its not right then way waste anymore time thinking about it .
I Am not sure that it is nagging .
It 's all biologicial and do not let anyone tell you different .
Yourself is a best gift for your lover , trust me
If you do not you will never will find the person .
It depends on who dumped who .
( member of a ) body men specially picked and trained for carrying out raids and making assaults
I do n't find it sexy the other way around .
You should find out what your parents do not like about him and .
0 % unless you are a computer you read it while writing it .
No why should you suffer .
Do you trust people online ?
But DO NOT LET HIM USE THIS AS AN EXCUSE .
That Is wat i want a rock hotty but not a sex freak
I would invest any time you have in learning about attraction . Hope this helps .
Seeing each other is not dating it can be that you all are just friends .
Then let me give you a little advise on how to get her to go out with you .
Read his book - UltraMarathon Runner
Can all you girls help me out with this >
Just tell him to back off .
Because if she likes him there might be problems in you are relationship .
Good god , leave the skimpy underware to the girls !
They know the laws here too , I think its if they marry for 2yrs .
Cocky guys or guys with the playboy mentality are BIG turn offs .
If you already done the best you could ?
Because if she likes him there might be problems in you are relationship .
Good god , leave the skimpy underware to the girls !
They know the laws here too , I think its if they marry for 2yrs .
Cocky guys or guys with the playboy mentality are BIG turn offs .
If you already done the best you could ?
Also , in top ten is : i 'm a lesbian , but i  will make an exception with you .
Depends the age honey . really , no timje is the best time .
Show her that you like her by asking her out to the movies and going places with her .
And a ring can not influence that .
If you like her enough to risk that friendship just be honest with her .
The rest look at men for sex .
And its either to feel sexy or to not have a panty line
I hope I am a big help b/c I have a 13 year old guy friend , too !
* looks in the mirror * There she is ! ! ! !
You should never speak to him again
Before she slaps you and think you are a complete perv and the world goes to hell . : )
I  would rather not have a slender girl .
Buy a ring , get down on one knee . women are allowed to propose too , you know !
Bummer . Really do n't drag that cross around .
6 at school . once after and once on the phone . i think i am winning ( in the non-married catagory )
You feel you love him but he makes it hard for you not to like him !
You could try to think about all the bad things he 's done .
My wife has no idea that I do this .
Good Luck to both of you .
Got ta have trust in a marriage .
Know what your lover want best and get it if you can affort it .
Tell them to mind there own business .
I like this girl but i think she does not like me back what do i do ?
If he is worth marrying he will wait and you should wait .
You can also try the Yahoo !
I wonder how would * you * help her out ?
If it CAN happen , it WILL happen : ) Cheers !
But do n't act like this did n't happen .
Well , i am a 30 years old guy .
Tell him your true feelings and you might be suprised .
Fool me twice shame on me .
Well i just want to try and get him to like me .
I like the blonde , but i love the dark red .
All the while watching her go through guy after guy .
So when I do n't get it enough , I go searchin for the boy to give it to me !
Rule 2 : If she 's wrong , reread rule 1 : )
And what purpose does it serve other than fulfilling two confused peoples lust for one another !
Life is complicated and its just the way it is .
That joke about the baby was funny .
If not , break up with your girlfriend and do what you want .
What do girls want from a guy ?
Guys do not play games only girls do
If you would have asked us earlier , you could have got a YES long back !
He used to be really sweet and do things for me .
Good luck with your shopping : )
Adam . and ask him . why man have you made this stupid mistake . : P
Yes they do like to be held and cuddled alot
If you know you guys got something and you trust her then ask her about it .
He says he loves me and wants to marry me , but had his photo on match.com
I would get rid of her AS SOON AS POSSIBLE .
Adam . and ask him . why man have you made this stupid mistake . : P
Yes they do like to be held and cuddled alot
If you know you guys got something and you trust her then ask her about it .
He says he loves me and wants to marry me , but had his photo on match.com
I would get rid of her AS SOON AS POSSIBLE .
If it does not smell right , run !
Mistake # 1 - cheating on him .
Simply tell him you do n't like him and if that does n't work find a new guy
You need to work on your english . spellings and grammar .
What the heck do 13 yearold guy 's want ?
Girls like guys that act like jerks .
I want to get to know her but what should i say ?
It might be infactuation , not love
What does it mean when a girl puts that she likes 'Boys ! '
Yeah porno stores most nimphs advertise what thay want hope ya size up .
Its like two for the price of one .
It 's perfectly fine , there 's someone out there for you .
I go for the beautiful face .
And IF DO NOT TELL HIM , YOU  WILL NEVER KNOW IF HE WAS THE ONE .
Seriously though , its got ta be quick .
Good LUCK AND LET ME KNOW ELIZA
So it will take the both of you . Bless you both and best of all to you
And for his granny tell her to mind her own business !
So guys growing up with a dad not showing them about chivalry .
' I 'm going to go hang out with the boys . ' )
You do n't want herpes , I 'm pretty sure of that .
Having said that , i might not be so cavalier about it if i were a woman .
Do your duties in a perfect way rest will come to you , ok take care , bye .
I also like playing games with her too . )
An UGLY GIRL IS UGLY PERIOD.BUT A BEAUTIFUL GIRL , WITH EXTRA BAGGAGE CAN LOSS WEIGHT .
! and how i will start with her ?
Not relatives , someone whom you want t o pick their brain and ask what ever questions you desire .
Surfing P O R N , or mas tur bating , is a great way to relieve sexual stress .
That might make it more useful for us who do n't want to read through the kids stuff !
This guy i met called me and i called him back but he did n't answer .
In her purse , its the credit card
* * * * is a natural phenomena and it is a myth that * * * * is bad .
Foooooooooooooorget them you  will find them follow you
2. for no one to be richer then the next guy 3. to end all wars
Ps Divorce makes the money thing worse .
A gift card nothing to personal
Gee maybe he thinks passing notes is stupid ?
Just put the situation like this . Would it bother you if your partner was doing what you are doing ?
If hes a cheater . hes a cheater !
Well if she is really hot then the answer is never . ; ) only gay guys will ge annoyed . ; )
Have peace in this if not anything else .
He always wants sex ammm , you know , Help Me
Why worrie about it just call me
: - ) Relationships are like babies , they need a lot of care .
Bang her mom , sister and best-friend .
Have you ever been a victim of a bad/funny/or rediculous pick up line ?
Pull out a gun point it at him and laugh .
If i told you . it would n't be secret .
Not me not him ended up . both mad . any suggestions in how to get happy again ?
If your not happy brake up .
Most of them will have their own chat there that they use .
Tell him nicely to back the hell up .
She just ca n't find a single solitary guy over there that likes her ?
If she considers it to be cheating , then it is cheating .
Well I DO NOT AGREE WITH ANYONE HERE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Or maybe she 's just a sl * t .
And do not go dutch but you can say let us go see a movie ill get tickets you get popcorn .
Um . wow , lmao.I guess they like to be around them , I really have no idea . wow.You 've sen that ?
Same reason women cheat on men .
Any WAY , ANYBODY THAT PLANS TO MARRY SHOULD CONSIDER WHAT THERE GETTING IN TO .
Unless you want an open sexuall relationship with her , get out now .
He sounds a lil fruity to me .
He 's heart broken , she says she 's not ready for a relationship that is all
Dirty WOMEN are as likely to cheat as DOGGISH MEN . Men just get caught more .
But my friends do n't want me to because they are scared that he will come kill them or something .
Do Not EVEN PAY THEM ANY ATTENTION AND BE YOU .
Tell her to F * * k of , just kidding .
By all means ask him straight up if he is gay or bisexual .
Anyone with self dignity would not go back to person who 's like that .
Just like anything else in life .
Do things you would n't do before .
The sirens only go off once every 2-3 years .
Anyway that sounds hot , I would n't drop her , but I do n't know if I  would marry her .
Have you tried kissing her yet ?
If the guy hve a wife ?
If not , then you just like him as a friend .
It 's just what I 'm attracted to .
For example there is a women a that we work in the same place , i am new there !
But wit my baby its more of a mental thing !
So good luck on what ever your decision may be .
Now , get out there and meet some women who area ladies and ai n't slut_s !
If she cheated on him then she could just as easily cheat on you .
Flowers are not cheap . depending on what kind you get .
As for best friend . all my best friends are men and so am I and I 'm straight ( I think ) .
Give her something about yourself the she can brag to her friends about
I did it to get closer to them , not for the sex or anything like that
How you gon na start a fight and get beat down . LOL .
Why would he want to kill them is he like a murder
You need humor in your life to keep the relationship going .
I think you are negative attitude is spoining you are time .
Ask yourself this , is she worth waiting for ?
Trust you are self and be the king in you are sight
But even a little check like that would be worth $ 15 .
Might be a little hard to find . but CHECK IT OUT !
Just keep doing what your doing .
This is how you avoid being creepy gym guy .
If it bothers you much more , report it to people with more authority
I would want to stay friends , so no
Reinforce that she is always right , no matter what the circumstance .
The airport is a very public place with lots of security around .
But IF HE STARTS THIS QUOTE GOD COMPLEX AGAIN , DROP HIM AND CONTINUE ON .
1 to 3 times a day .
I stopped that by telling her if she do n't like it stay your asss at home .
How long does a quickie run ?
I THOUGH THEY LOVE YOU A LONG TIME ? ?
I let him go , it got kind of boring .
Well you have already posted your question and then too asking to us .
YOU just have too see how he act i am one off then
( but make sure they feel the same way- otherwise you  will be kind of stalking them = ) )
He COMES TO SEE ME VERY WEEKEND B/C WE ARE STILL YOUNG .
I let him go , it got kind of boring .
Well you have already posted your question and then too asking to us .
YOU just have too see how he act i am one off then
( but make sure they feel the same way- otherwise you  will be kind of stalking them = ) )
He COMES TO SEE ME VERY WEEKEND B/C WE ARE STILL YOUNG .
But let 's be honest , does size matter ? .
Whatever you do do not cheat on him to get back at him .
Better start saving these gals from ? ? ?
Just be yourself , and have fun !
Yeah BUT IF SHE IS A TEASE WELL DNT WHO WANTS TO DEAL WITH A TEASE
Wow that is a good anticipation .
Short or none everywhere else . it 's my personal taste .
Try THE PHONE , AND DO NOT CALL FROM HOME OR WORK.GO SOMEWHERE HE WILL NOT FIND YOU .
No matter how you tell him he is gon na hurt if he really love you like you said .
If not think as its over and get over with your life .
Not really a great option , eh ?
Cannot seem to get over this .
I do n't think you are boyfriend would like another man touching you .
If it smells good it 's go !
He just might not be packaged the way YOU think !
When it 's totally bullcrap and the girl is totally innocent would you belive him .
What would a woman do that would make you think forever ?
Something like , will you go out with me ?
I do n't know but I read it
If the boys cheat , then they are losers .
Do Not LET HER HURT YOU LIKE THAT
It potentialy could happen . and it sounds fun !
I never got to tell him exactly how I felt .
Guess , I know how yo feel .
You could just approach her , tell her you 've seen her here almost as often as you ( ! ! ! )
Be yourself . be nice kind . treat her like you want to be treated . it 's easy once you get the hang of it .
( He might pick it up in a single ring ! )
YOU have something to lose both ways .
Because you did n't face the true love till now
All she cares about is spending time with you .
Never let them see ya sweat , at least this young .
You got issues . go to a doctor , a psychiatrist !
Like i do n't like to have fat bf or husband
Match.com and if your jewish jdate.com
Women ( not men ) are the driving force in pressuring men to marry much less buy overpriced rings .
( get a divorce/leave him first ) Mistake # 2 - calling him stupid .
Teenagers use the internet for homework plus it 's winter break you know for christmas .
What about races of kid 's grand-parents ?
They were boys ( of course ) lol
It looks like he is foaming at the mouth , ( yuck ) but I love him !
! or have a detective organized you could be an detective tooo .
By the rate people answer yer question , seems like all of us have read it .
Then tell him your not going to shoot him , just break up with him .
I guess this just is n't the place for that .
If she still goes all over him just let her know the peice of crap she is .
But she will not want to fall in love with them .
I even feel like I sort of know you now even .
Do n't get in a serious relationship and just have fun .
He 's a 13 yearold guy what am I supposed to get him ? ? ? ?
Do Not go back just 2 go back cuz you love him ! !
Do n't go out of your way looking for something or constantly hound him about it .
Well , FIRST FIND OUT WHY HER FIRST MARRAGE DINT WORK.WAS IT HER FAULT OR HIS.IF IT WAS HER FAULT !
I have one thing 2 say , and one thing only . HOMEWRECKER ! ! ! ! ! ! !
No you should not give up on a woman !
Tupac_lover_00 @ yahoo.com i am a girl and i am single and looking e-mail me
Of course hes cheating on you . are you on crack ?
Oh yeah by the way we r both 12 .
He 's and old man but hes only 20 .
But if it is a part time job you do n't care about , then why not ?
And my buddy did n't kick my ass either because he was dating my sister .
Stop focusing on looks and quit looking altogether .
Tell him that and you will own him .
Snap OUT OF IT join the rest of the world .
It was just what you envisioned .
First TRY TO BREAK UP WITH HIM BUT NOT IN PERSON .
That Is because most of them are pigs
People get married it is because they love each other very much .
If you are lonely then you have friends that you can have fun with .
Then both of you can move on .
Considering there are only 49hrs left , most likely not .
Where it ca n't really be anything more than jsut friends rofl
Of course , it does take two .
If he 's not willing to try it then it 's oretty much over . Sorry
Become rich , good looking , or famous .
If you two are really meant to be , you will end up marrying him .
She looks like an awesome person to go out with , how do you ask her out ?
Us women really do want to get to know you good , shy guys : o )
To stop relations that happend before mirrage
Sweetheart , you are n't tring to date the right girls , or should I say women .
Give him a chance to be good .
He might marry you depending on the kind of love he has 4 you
Sunday january 15 at 7c is the premiere if you are talking about 24 the show on fox
Each time I cried like a baby !
Yes . Your family should be happy for you that you found your love .
Flirt , flirt and more flirt all while making them laugh .
Worst I ever heard was . Hi , wan na f * * * ?
Think of better thing that has happened , is happening and will happen .
There 's 5 in mine my husband , my 3 kids and me
Does she dye her hair often if she does you might have a problem .
What is wrong with you boy ?
Several Tips for getting a girlfriend : 1 .
No way gir were is his respect for you .
True friends would not leave you out there like that !
How do i post questions on Yahoo !
I killed my cousin because he refused to smile ; )
No it is actually not .it depends
But just trust your heart and what it says .
Or they think that by telling you that it will turn you on .
Try to ask him with indirect way then trust you are self by doing the first step
Talk , get to know him and finaly ask him on a date ! !
You seem like a sweet guy who only wants happiness .
Not if you were a smart cheater !
My boyfriend never gets me anything .
And you do not want that now do you .
Keep it all the way real !
Take your bucket of worms and just go fish in another pond .
Some are because they have issues with men I am assuming .
That is just wrong plus she is older .
Well technically you have not penetrated so no .
Tell him you now a lesbian .
If you want act sexy around him .
And if he says NO , kick him in the crotch anyways .
I ALWAYS KNEW THAT SOME WOMAN ARE SMARTER THAN MEN !
You are just gettting surounded by a lot of jerks !
You better keep your eyes open or Joe next store might steel your man .
If a girl fancies a guy she rubs or touches her neck frequently .
I could go on and on .
If you ponder this question more then twice in your life you r probably gay
Tell them you want to have sex with another , then your not cheating your truthing !
I get dumped for guys that wo n't do anything for a woman .
Maybe because you have not found the right guy to respect you
I 'm still in love with my ex eventhough she 's a dirty biatch .
Buy a car and go where the wind takes you .
Explain exactly what you want and what is going on .
* also very easy 2 get drunk *
YOU just keep silent like you do not knows she is existing
Any just do n't replace cologne with soap
I do not think you should be worried .
Man are you gon na be sick .
And it wo n't cost you a dime .
I already messed up ( bawled at a dance ) , and my mind was already screwed up for two weeks .
You get to watch two fully naked woman having sex instead of one which is always good .
I have the same problem so if you get a good answer let me know uzedkarz2002 @ yahoo.com .
Is he old and yer young ?
Hope everything works out great for you !
I would n't try to find the right woman ( guy in my case ) becuase it  will just happen when it happens
It 's just one of things you know .
And if its going to be a problem then just do not talk to him anymore .
Then pray to you favorite deity .
It 's tough . but you have to find it in yourself to go on .
Love LEADS TO SEX . sex without love is like having sex with an animal !
The key is to show that you are different !
Love YOURSELF AND DO NOT LET ANY MAN PUT YOU DOWN ELIZA
It is a cool thing to do !
Go up and start talking to her
1st , that you both know , 2nd , she MAY know , and then third question you know she does not know .
If you really care about her , you will want her to be happy .
He should not cheat on you and he should not care about your weight at all .
And thought you should just introduce yourself !
Just tell your family to give her a chance you love her that is all that matters right
And he ca n't just kick you out anyway ?
I do n't think he is totally straight if he enjoys watching stuff like that .
Pray about it and you will get your answer , watch
; - ) Anyway , lower back pain is a terrible thing .
Ask her out if she says no try to move on
I have recurring dreams of my ex almost weekly .
I 've known love from friends , guys , my moms , n family .
Then when you feel the time is right ask her out
Then one day the guy turns everything around and says he loves me ?
I waited until I was thirty , and guess what ?
Make if funny if she says no , and i asure you she will end up saying yes .
And when they ask you if their ugly so no , tell them they are beautiful or something lol .
There 's like 20 million women right here !
Hi , I agree . there 's sure a lot of youngin 's on this thing !
That means that you are on his mind all the time .
Yet every once in awhile i will get like a crush on another guy.usually someone i am around alot .
So try to do the second thing first , then if you ca n't do that first thing .
Everytime your with her ( almost all the time ) she will be happy or smiling .
Love IS REALLY ALL THAT MATTERS .
Just tell , her that you wan na take her just as friends and no pun intended .
Ask you are wife to get on a webcam .
Hope you  are in that same boat .
Becareful in who you fall in love with !
Do you love this person deeply ?
But they DO things that say ' I fancy you ' .
Try to get him/her out of your head .
I pray things work out for you it sounds like you are going to need it .
But hun i hate to tell you when they got a drinkin prob .
Pray To God She Will Take You MY FUKIN GURL DUMPED ME SO GOOD LUCK
Ehehehe it 's not weird at all .
And in time I became the popular guy that peopel wanted ot be around and be friends with .
Old but this is a golden saying !
He probably is n't cheating on you .
Gay clubs or church but not both at the same time : )
Tell her she looks nice and that you love her .
Yes , but not freaked out . okay , maybe a little .
Al Pacino did why ca n't you .
I am 21 and I have only had sex with 2 people !
But seriously i do not know what i would prefer
Hey that is how I feel .
Then just tell him you do not like him .
You can not have your cake and eat it too .
Shall I call her back ?
They should just cuddle infront of an movie or fireplace , relax it works for me
My frineds ex was really annoying and controling .
I like this girl and iv never talked to her before .
You can not have your cake and eat it too .
Shall I call her back ?
They should just cuddle infront of an movie or fireplace , relax it works for me
My frineds ex was really annoying and controling .
I like this girl and iv never talked to her before .
When he sees nothing wronge in what ever you do
Most men have nothign to flirt with . LOL
Firstly I can say girl friend is not on road .
Whatever his reason ( s ) know that it is just that . HIS REASON .
I never heard from him again until christmas day nearly 2 years later i learned that he had died .
When we guys say we like you , it means that you r one of the 10 girls we like .
Otherwise y would b want to b alive , if we  are alone ?
Your reward will come , just hang in there .
First off he is your EX .
You could play the What if ?
We DO create a lot of our own problems that way : )
You DEFINATELY should not hide it for the rest of your life ! !
Because of this SHE WILL CHEAT ON YOU !
YOU said her hair different colors so it shows it happened different times .
1st does he want to be your boyfriend
I think its over and it gives me an idea for my relationship.thanx !
Do you really wan na start it with that kiss ?
I DO N'T THINK I LOOK 2 BAD , I RESPECT AND TREAT LADIES VERY GOOD .
In sense anyone that did not broke up in a bad way should be able to still be friends .
I am due in two weeks is that good enough ?
They always have the best quality , best prices , & if I 'm not happy - they fix it !
I do n't know if he has girlfriend or what .
And leaves plenty of opportunities to get close to one another , and talk !
Well there you go clash said everything I was going to say lol
Does YOUR HEAT SKIP A BEAT WHEN YOU SEE THIS PERSON ?
Guyz that cheat are secretly gay
If not then you should ask him if he likes the company you keep .
Find someone who really cares for you - someone is out there !
No never , may be the fault is wuth you and you are partner is enjoying with you are neighbour
Denver CO. Hun if you are into chiks who are really hot
I 'm 20 and my boyfriend is 29 , so beat that ! ! !
He needs 2 forget his friends n lead his own life if not forget him peace
That Is pretty much impossible , id personaly want a really overly sweet boy ; )
YOU had answred my Q : What a gul expect fr a boy when she get married ?
You ca n't make someone like you just because . you want to .
I never really have , although truth be told I always really wanted one !
But i prefer older or the same age as me .
She 's an I-MaC and your A PC . get my drift
2 ) Get out and meet some girls .
It would n't hurt to dress nice and fix your hair ! !
Or you could let him drink a love potion . hehehe
Pep rally at high school 15 years later we are still together
We sow our oats , we live the vida loca and then we realize , Wow !
Its difficult but i know she is the one if someone can help i would be most grateful thanks
I know that because i did that be 4 and is did not work out
Yeah I did aweek and a half ago
Ask him if he can stay home for one day talk about the issue
I 'M SERIOUS AFRICAN ARABIC MAN I WISH TO GET SERIOUS WOMEN TO MARRIGE
Because guys like boobs and the internet is the easiest place to find them .
That depends on how old you r and where you want him 2 kiss you ?
And , of course , it always helps to have someone nice to start dating : )
No just because hes good to your son does not mean hes good for you and to you
If you are not , you are just using him .
Personally I would n't worry about it .
Perhaps because many do not believe that they can .
I would not trade this man for anything I AM the luckiest woman on earth .
Classmates.com helped me find a few
If you do not send it that is fine but putting things down allows you to think it through first .
There is something they do n't get at home .
You do not Just get her to give it time Dog .
It does not matter if two guys or gurls care about each .
But if he just responsed bcos he 's a polite man then it is ok , do not think too much .
Introduce him to another girl , preferably one that 'likes ' him , and then encourage their relationship to bloom .
If i was you i would n't do it .
Either he loves your or he does n't .
Especially if you do not want to have sex .
It ALL DEPENDS ON HOW YOU FEEL WHEN IT 'S ALL OVER
Get his s/n . and send him messages every once in a while .
Do n't be cheap in first sight .
Or what are you doing now that you were not doing then .
Do YOU GET BUTTERFLIES IN YOUR STOMACH EVERYTIME THE PERSON CALLS ?
It seams you love him already so tell him according your heart voice .
Mayb you are personality is off beat .
You have not said whether you are M or F .
Not according to the bible ; otherwise i do not know
See how it helps to give . ?
Depends what there and your dateing history is .
If a certain subject always ends up w/ you closer physically they  are playing you for a fool .
She Is the type of girl who is not good or does n't even express how she feels .
I mean the list goes on and on .
I do n't know but tell me when you find out
I thought he is looking for someone .
Not AS LONG AS YOUR HAPPY AND YOU ARE DOING/GETING WHAT YOU WANT : )
But things that obviously bother her , I 've stopped doing , and now she rarely gets jealous .
I tried it once but he immediately knew that was me : )
I asked a guy out and he said we would . sometime .
Is it just a want or is it really a NEED ?
He does so much stuff 4 me .
If your husband or wife is cheating or hurting you are you suppose to just say with them ?
I will tell you this though , .
E ) It was like my body exploded !
Any chat pro has such rooms
Women do n't pay but men gladly do ( enough to make it economically worthwhile at least ) .
I want to smile and enjoy every minute . even during sad times . we  will keep our 'wits . '
I just want to know what you guys think of this .
Guys : Would you consider buying your girl a ring with her birthstone or opt for a traditional diamond ?
But I confess that the whole blog thing baffles me .
( i really hate smoking - of any sort , and drinking )
If you do not wan na marry the guy let him go do not play with him .
The guys are notthe only ones that cheat.but people cheat because they are not happy .
Girls get serious about it as long as they know you are serious .
I ask myself the same shit
Find some friends to hang out with and get her off your mind .
Nothing fancy . Eat with your fingers kind of food . it 's more fun
First of all why do you call yourself darkangle ?
Is there a problem with me .
Front row at a concert ( love gun by kiss has a different meaning for me )
Why do men do this you ask ?
You love him and he loves you .
Yes 2 years is no big deal
Angel honey give his ass the boot
But AGAIN I SAY DO NOT DO IT WAIT FOR MARRIAGE !
So nod and say you are right honey i never thought of it like that .
She calls you back when you call her ( 5 ) .
But I want nice guys not complete jerks .
Even the perfect man , is not so perfect .
Depends on wether you are choosin ' the good guys or the player type .
Best said in the movie old school Love its a mother fucker
She wo n't dare want to be with another if it is !
Not all women think like this , just your woman .
No i wo n't , but somebody will .
Someone i could look at forever .
And she should love you for that .
Bring it up like in bed during pillow time with each other
He would make us all look really bad ; )
I stopped that quick but he tells me not to worry and he stopped telling her he loved her .
No because your parents care about and do n't want anything bad to happen to you
Really , for better or worse was your vow .
He says i have bussniess trips everywhere lately .
Why DO YOU NEED A MAN TO SPOIL YOU ?
If he does , give it a try . go for it ! ! !
It 's just asking to get hurt ! !
Does he tell other people when your not around ?
Ummm . what time of year is it ? . do think he is SHOPPING ? ? ?
I really like this guy , but i am trying to get over it and be a friend .
If he please to do all that it would without asking
It is natures free gift to all kind .
She shares her lunch ( food ) with you ( 9 ) .
Yup absoloutely ok as long as ya look carefully
But the truth is : I WANT ONE ! ! !
His excuse was that she was like his sister .
If you are a guy : You are setting yourself up for failure .
As long as they are over 18 .
Guys do n't like drama , and stuff like that .
The kid that they all ready have .
I LOVE HIM FOR JUST BEING HIMSELF .
And is it possible that he realy loves me ?
Theyn will always defend you no matter what .
Good luck and congrats on the 2 years
My boyfriend did stuff like that all the time .
If we guys could have MULTIPLE !
Did i mention that he 's hot ?
I have the same problem with my mom right now but we are getting there .
Marriage is for life my friend !
Yes , IT DOES IF ITS A GUY LIKE ME WITH A THICK 10INCH PENIS ! ! !
Trouble related to love n relationship .
Introducing bride and groom , cake cutting , dinner time , dances , etc .
I have the same problem with my mom right now but we are getting there .
Marriage is for life my friend !
Yes , IT DOES IF ITS A GUY LIKE ME WITH A THICK 10INCH PENIS ! ! !
Stay offline for goodness sake , if you think like that .
I ca n't seem to just have a boyfriend I right away fall in love and scare them away
I DO N'T WANT TO LOSE THE BEST FRIEND I EVER HAD !
Is to let them get it out , while you JUST LISTEN .
This is because LOVE IS BLIND .
No , this is NOT a joke !
A couple of tattoos are ok. certain peircings are hot .
I do n't ever wish he would buy me flowers .
Stop trying to get a date online & get off the computer !
Take out the trash , pick up your underwear , and say I LOVE YOU at least twice per day .
With a cucumber . and a shaving cream can
Hand her you american express card
I think is to cut off the shit of getting hurt !
One with a hot body and a hot personality .
Just CHICK HIM OUT . LIKE TRY TO HAVE HIS SCHEDULE .
That Is gettin kind of thin ice right there , with the touching .
He will probably go back there .
Just be nice to him when you are telling him off .
Someone who is smart and funny .
It 's just going to make them mad .
You CA N'T get a guy to like you , you do n't have to .
Just do not hang out with them .
If you banged her mom or sister , you  are not getting her back .
I do n't know about girls in general , but i know i do .
So eather way , you should n't worry about it .
Because your boyfriend wo n't let you have one .
Its you he should think is sexy .
Try TO DO THINGS THAT WILL TAKE YOU  ARE MIND OFF HIM .
It is n't just your perfection you have to cope with , its everybody elses ) .
But it 's the normal looking people you should worry about .
Seems kind of like a dumb question . if she did n't like you why would she let you kiss her ?
Ca n't live you are life to please others .
I really like the guy , i would do anything for him just to be happy .
Because if girls do n't feel an emotional connection with their lover , IT ARE NOT HAPPENIN - at all .
So you want one and do n't want one ?
If HE WANT TO KEEP IT QUIET , IF SO NO HIS A - IS UP TO NO GOOD .
I only have one friend that is a girl and people tell me that is not normal .
Any way if you truly love him you should trust him no matter what .
If they do not and be honest with you you will not be able to take it
I beleive in Lust at first sight but love ? ? ?
It actually depends on the girl .
You should always be who you are .
If your not comfortable with that then joke around ( example ) say would not that be weird if we went out ?
Its like working out how do you get stronger ?
Life is a mix of good and bad , but it 's not always 50/50 .
Turn on BECAUSE GRANT RD - go 1.0 mi 11 .
Then tell her that just because you are apart that you ca n't still be friends .
And NEVER do anything you do not feel comfortable with .
Yes.try to bring a girl to orgasm.She will not leave you
Then , it 's up to the guy to if he wants to .
If you have to ask . he does n't . !
Cuz maybe you  are a good kisser and you do n't kno it .
Anywhere the 2 of you want to .
If so he probly feels obligated .
How can I break up with him like that and he just spend $ 108 on my b-day gift ?
Get married . no wait , then you  will never get laid !
If you  are not married Break it off .
My thinking is that if you wonder if you are in love , you are not .
Ill go to the first one !
Spend more time with your wife .
Love may be considered as first step to have sex . but there is also pure love without sex
Do n't do it no matter what she says !
No you stab at what you can get close to Then you move in ! ! !
If life puts you down 7 times get up 8 times !
Good GIRLS WHO WAN NA TRY SOMETHING NEW , LIKE LIVE ON THE WILD SIDE , GO FOR SO CALLED BAD BOYS !
Yes this is normal . even some girls look at sexy girls too ( but not all )
Just on days that end in Y
And wants a family with me .
Do GET ANXIOUS WHEN YOU DO N'T SEE THIS PERSON EVEN IF IT 'S JUST FOR A DAY ?
That 'S NOT A GOOD IDEA ON ANY DAY !
Sure he  would find it weird but that does n't mean it would n't have a positive outcome .
What type of party did you throw and does he like parties ?
I think she is tellin you to smack dat ass
Every guy has a different fedish , some like ginger some like marry ann .
He probably feels like he needs some space , and asking him where he is going may make it worse .
You ` ll only get hurt in the end .
Up to you but if I had it to do over I would n't .
I take it that you are trying to see if he would cheat on you .
I JUST DO N'T THINK THERE IS HOPE .
Maybe Phone-Sex with each other ! !
Example : If your a shy male , it would be hard for you to ask some out .
Let her know just how much she really does mean to you .
My famile was cool with it , but i know there some familes that are not .
Yes I HAVE AND IT WAS WORTH IT I FOUND A BETTER NEW PERSON THAT LOVES ME MORE
Whatever you do , do your best !
But other wise i agree with you completely .
Try one with a special room or the empty side or outside .
I 'm not being gross , do you see what I mean ?
If it 's warm enough find a lake that rents paddleboats ( they  are like 5 bucks an hour ) and paddle around .
Report Abuse Why do i want him back so bad ?
Next get out there and have fun again . mingle discover new things . most important do n't pretend and definitely laugh .
If HE LOVES YOU THEN HE WILL WAIT FOR YOU !
That he is really not ready for you , and do n't get hung up on him .
Since she now has lost her vagina and has a penis , you  would have to look elsewhere .
Break up with your parthern if it is your bf or just forget aout it and go on
I already gave him a nice card for xmas .
Just think a man that does all this and you  are stil not happy ?
Love the LORD JESUS CHRIST First . then HE will give you the best !
Going somewhere that has a pool table !
You 've never even seen a pic of her ? ? ?
I just checked and they have versions of the song by
Health or sickness , rich or poor , better or worse .
You know the old saying goes boys only want one thing so just wait .
If he 's a nice guy then maybe things will work out this time !
No , it 's not bad at all .
Hello mate urs is the same problem as mine ! !
Only you can answer that question but it is not legal in some places
He says it bothers him too that guys leave me comments .
Well , I 'm a young teen and I definatally do like girls that speak their mind .
No , it 's not bad at all .
Hello mate urs is the same problem as mine ! !
Only you can answer that question but it is not legal in some places
He says it bothers him too that guys leave me comments .
Well , I 'm a young teen and I definatally do like girls that speak their mind .
Being 'In Love ' with someone does .
What if they wanted to wait for marriage ?
My mom always said , Actions speak louder than words .
If you have to ask if it is LOVE then you do n't have it , yet .
My girlfriend used to get jealous fairly often .
No if you do not want the kid use a condem
Maybe you need to anser that question .
Say something creative like Hi , I am Joe Blow , how are you ? ?
Picture yourself telling someone that you love them .
But , REMEMBER , her ex was NOT a good man either . he cheated on her .
Ask him if he likes guys
To me if a guy is shy a note showing intrist would be a good way to start .
My boyfriend does a lot of things that I do n't approve of .
Then tell them thay let you know .
If she thinks the guy is mature then she will admit she likes him .
I like one guy , I never talk to him .
All guys think about sex all the time .
This is why devorce is so high .
Hey , do you want to be my boyfriend ?
Love is always free . and what is not free can not be love ( true love ) .
I like one guy , I never talk to him .
All guys think about sex all the time .
This is why devorce is so high .
Hey , do you want to be my boyfriend ?
Love is always free . and what is not free can not be love ( true love ) .
Was he like this before you married him ?
Heck what will you do in your free time . LOL
Depends on the weather and where you live .
Well when someone loves you they look for you .
If you meet a guy and have been hanging out for over month .
Please send any help info that is available .
What so if she also loves you .
Whatever you do , do n't let her go .
Where can you get the wedding of your dreams donated , in whole or peices , without the media stuff ?
If you are in love , your life 's going to be hell !
You made a promise , does n't that mean anything ? ? ?
Well you should talk to that persons best friend .
And its not this dick with legs .
Would you love that person any less if that happened ?
I do not wo n't to be nosisy .
But oh it was so much fun getting there , lol .
When you talk about other girls she gets mad ( 6 ) .
I do not wo n't to be nosisy .
But oh it was so much fun getting there , lol .
My room , so I can watch .
When you talk about other girls she gets mad ( 6 ) .
Because it is a big deal to you .
Then once you guys have started talking about the topic ask her if you would ever have a chance .
Because they love to have sex with someone new
It cuts both ways , I think .
When you do n't like something do you say that it is gay ?
Go out with somone else without telling anyone .
( short answer . ask him what he likes ! )
I know my bf cares 4 me .
I know its the good old ' USA .
You guys flirt together ( example tickling , play fighting , chasing eachother ) ( 7 ) .
When your ugly what do you have to lose .
Whey people do n't like african girls ?
You got ta feel out the situation though .
Man I totally sympathize with you .
Guys do n't play games like you women .
But he 's married , with three kids .
Its hard but that will make you slip up and he will know .
I Am a women and i do n't get it either
Is it good to remain virgin for a boy till marriage ?
Tell him that you two can just be friends and maybe something will happen later
That should take all the stess off of you .
Best place to find a Date . College Best place to take someone on a Date Deffenetly not a club ! ! !
Just check the size of his balls honey . flat out say their looking smaller and watch his responce baby !
But just have a sence of style and hygene and you  will attract a guy
YOU just need to ask her frequently about what she feels for you !
Easy just tell them or show dem how much you love dem
If he loves you he is gon na change his stupid crap .
At least that is what I find and I 'm sure an average guy .
Somehow i agree with them , because the nature gives her the role of feeding and protcting !
If YOU WILL NOT DO IT SOMEONE SHOULD .
Go to google and tipe in ecard then you can take it from there .
So how can I show her I care about her feelings ?
Men do not like a weak woman .
Maybe you just have too many trixies in your life .
I know plenty of guys who do n't like skinny women , i thihnk its just personal taste .
They can but it 's not likely .
Do n't think of it as spying .
He was what I breath and thought about 24/7 .
If you want a life partner ther it matter .
Spends less time with you always has an excuse to everything
On top of a 100 ft crane in a gravel pit during a storm . YAHOOOOOOOO
Then if they say maybe or yes ask her to do something .
Does anyone know how i can talk my friend to stop stalking people he falls in love with ? ?
Obviously , if you  are cheating on him , then you do n't truly love him .
But I got ta admit it does seem stupid as I look back .
Someone who is not bitchy or conceited .
Go out to a club and ask some girls .
She could have a great mind but if she looks like a monkey then it just wo n't work out .
Helllll naw . does he have a brother ?
If you want a pertner to eat panipuri then it not .
I know it 's corny but it 's romantic .
Now you know what he 's * really * like .
Sex ) he knows exactly what to say to get what he wants .
I Hopefully I helped you a little .
You take your wife for a reason right ?
Ask him if he wants to be your boyfriend .
! no , i do n't think its cuz you are a libra , cuz , i 'm a sagitarious and i do have prob .
I mean it will be her ring so she should like it .
If he really likes he  will understand what you want too do .
But never push and worry and distress .
I do not care if they are popular .
( that may not be the best choice though )
No , you  would have been a prick had you said yes ! ! !
If it floats your boat go ahead .
Opening doors is sweet but that cannot run low .
You do n't need friends to get yourself a girl .
Because your getting old and they want you to be happy .
Girl , I 've been there done that !
Surprise him once he comes home and take a wiff .
It means he is a real jerk
( Butterflies in the stomach . know what I mean ? )
Well IF YOU ASK MY TRUE THOUGHTS nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnoOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !
If you do not you will not be together forever for sure .
It DEPENDS IT WOULD HAVE TO BE A MATTER OF LIFE AND DEATH
If you get some too ( it does n't mean you  are crazy ) you will understand why she is like she is .
When you tell her you love her and you know without a doubt she loves you back !
Yeah , keep your mouth shut and leave this situation .
I say wait till your in your 30 's .
You GO TO HER.ITS VERYY SIMPLE
Jerk is only one of the items that make some men .
The one thing I 've learned is do n't force life .
Yes it is a sin and it is illegal !
I ` m not giving her any attention and she calms down herself
Lol Just cuddle up behind her .
Guys look for a girl that is not retarded and looks pretty good .
I LEAVE NOTES TO TELL HER BUT SOMEONE WRITES BACK i DO NOT THINK ITS HER .
Because they are just soooooo darn sexy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Relax . lots of woman have this problem .
Ithink long hair makes guys look dirty and like girls
Unless you have alot of money then it might be 46 .
Trust fund , yuppies , preppy girls all hang out in uptown .
90 % of women do not orgasm by penetration alone .
If your man is cheating on you need to kick him to the curb RIGHT NOW !
My boy you asked a very good question !
# 2 do you enjoy the doormat position ?
Did you ask her why she did that ?
Never fight a man who is not afraid to die , he has nothing to lose and everything to gain .
If he is not eating , he if flirting .
Suck it up talk to her and ask her out .
Would you mind if you were/are married for your husband to have coffee with a married woman ?
Sorry that it did n't work out .
A boy in my school and i have his pic and # .
A lot of people say yahoo chat .
You should ask her of she does or does n't like you are last name and then take it from there ! !
Ask your girlfriend because she obviously knows them best .
What , I 'm trying to figure out is , is she playing with me or for real ?
But i think it effect only if you want a LIFE PARTNER .
The only reason a person askes this question would to try and get some there selves .
Not very expensive and you get a lot for your money
Do n't believe anything you see in a movie .
Do n't do it . oh my God you will so regret it .
Baby Girl : A first love is a tough one .
How would you like it if she slept with one of your friends , right ?
Ok , the last part may be overboard . : )
Am I being stupid or what ?
N am not crazy at all .
That Is why they say better or worse , not better or nothing .
Turn on MANCHESTER EXPY - go 1.4 mi 4 .
Try talking to him on the phone when he are not around his friends or just ask him in person
Do n't you have needs other than that .
Even thought they might not want a relationship ; they figure they have a greater chance of getting some action
And go about your business like it was nothing .
I think you should n't , regardless of her age , both of you will regret it later .
You were not a prick , you were a gentleman !
Next TIME HE GOES ON A BUSINESS TRIP GO ALONG !
Flirt a little and ask her to go to the movies !
Tell her you wo n't listen to her because she is n't treating you with respect .
Yes , let him think he is macho.even if he is n't .
My friend told me he love me to but i do not know what to do
Maybe both her birthstone and yours !
Only i kno that he does not love me .
Most women do n't want guys who are afraid of them , they want confident men .
You just said that he likes someone else .
I have said this already in many diffirent but similar ?
The new man in my life is great too , i do n't know what my heart tells me anymore .
Good luck in finding your soul mate : )
Usually there not mad at you , she may be deppressed .
I do n't know either ; it 's like saying i 'm throwing up when really it all goes down , not up
Go to ebay . my friend 's mom buys them on there all the time . you can get anything on ebay .
Yes i  will do if i felt her need it . satisfy her aften and she will enjoy you
Tell him to stop chatting online so much and start working out .
Find someone who is willing : ) then ask
Do whatever comes from you are heart
If you two have a strong enough relationship outside of dating that is
I think that he is seeing another girl , but he is HOT ! !
But I do n't despair that much .
I 'm guessing that she 's around 50 ?
Be Honest , smilling , funny and gentleman .
Cherish true friends and love your boyfriend !
When she asks you to do something and you do it w/out complaining .
I only wish they were , then I would go after hime like a cat in heat !
So it is not just the guys .
Its mean the one who needs it , ie getting bored by the relationship
If he finds out uve been with another guy , he  will leave you are ass so fast you are head will spin
Not my husband . but maybe someone elses .
He was fair and honest and did not lead you on .
Be jerk back , and do n't like him anymore ! ! !
You do know what a Houdini is , do n't you ?
If may seem that your using it to your benift .
Good Luck and go get them .
In family meeting i see her and i like her from the first look
You just have to STOP . no one can do it for you .
Dude , there are plenty - PLENTY of other girls out there .
I have , on more than one occasion . and I 'm a dude !
I do n't have that specific kind of fetish , exactly .
Another guy would not happen , lol .
Should I try and talk 2 him again ?
They say that sex for woman , means family , love , safty !
Do Not be afraid of embarassing your self .
D ) I felt my whole body shake uncontrollably !
Cheating is a fact opf life most women who blame men with cheating are the women who cheat
They want to fire down the sexual instinct
Admit all wrongs ( even though you are not at fault ) .
Maybe she is not a girl ?
Please send any help info that is available .
Its never too good to b either one of these .
If someone else is happy he will be happy .
Do whatever it takes to stay close emotionally !
She likes you . but she seems kind of immature .
But now i do not and he still likes me . what do i do to not hurt him ?
What Is the worst she could say ?
As your exchanging phone numbers with her .
Smile : ) its the 2nd best thing you can do with your lips . 1st being kissing , of course
Ever heard the saying women need a reason guys just need a place ?
! if he 's looking at the net he 's not looking at you anymore you should ask is that normal
Is THIS PERSON THE FIRST THING ON YOUR MIND WHEN YOU WAKE IN THE MORNING ?
Well i say you should still be friends but do not stay with him for a long time
If things were meant to be they will fall into there place .
It all depends on how turned on you are as to how wet you get
My mom chose a younger guy .
You should n't trust him if he 's in a different area code .
But I Am not sure what I Am doing wrong .
We BUY EACH OTHER STUFF AND LEAVE IT THERE UNTIL WE FIND IT .
You can still be his friend .
Ok. I Am not sure what you r talking about but my nick here is my email .
Instead of agreeing you should be exicted .
Try showing some signs of liking/attention , maybe he  will go for you or < ( of course ) maybe he will not !
You do n't really ever get over it .
There 's alot more ways , but i got ta go .
Umm its someone you can be in the same room with for more than 10 min .
If so then id bet yes .
I just knew , not like that childish knew , but really knew .
Be shy , but speak you are mind wen you feel you should .
One of the most awesome guys I know has CP .
Do you really want someone around you have to keep proving yourself to ?
Well i do not know what to tell you but there is a website below 4 you to try out
Nope , as long as you do it back .
You have to ask your self do i deserve better than this .
Tell them how you feel about them
Do n't give him a reason not to .
Well as a woman I would wonder what is wrong with a guy who did n't like sex .
Asian girls are like other girls .
No just kidding just do not answer it if you do n't need to
Maybe you will even get one 4 Christmas !
Maybe that is why they come here .
That way you last longer : P
I know someone who is looking for work . Thanks !
Course I would n't date him cus he 's like 30 years older than me , but yeah .
I mean look around outside it 's everywhere
I really do not like to babysit on my days off !
If their is no reson for you wanting to leave !
To love & to be loved is the greatest thing on this earth
You could always put the plane tickets in a huge box and wrap it ; )
Just dress really hot & go dancing at a night club with just your girl-friends .
Maybe they are not looking for a wife .
When you find the one that you just ca n't live without , her looks are n't going to matter .
Ofcourse they are human too they are just into the same sex .
If your guy is cheating on you and you know it then break up with him .
If he says yes , you know .
Because he do not like you , hes gay
Why do guys say they NEED sex ?
Or think of it like this .
Do n't try to be mean , be yourself .
Have a 1st date at a cafe ( lunch or coffee ) .
Do you want to hang out sometime ?
Just take your time because you have lots of it .
I just love a squirty lady ! !
And if you love him so much what are you doing out with his cousins ?
But IT 'S GOOD TO KNOW WHAT THE GIRLS LIKE : )
Ya I am interested in this question too .
The woman who is now my wife .
I do n't really want a relationship .
Do Not rush a kiss , the best 1s take time , trust me ( bad experience ) .
Why ca n't your dad be friends with JEN ?
Personaly i do not know what to say when my bf complements me .
Try to remeber why you got married in the first place .
I have n't been able to see her cuz , she is in NY and I 'm in TN .
Be NICE , CONCERNED AND KEEP YOUR MIND ON SCHOOL AND FRIENDS .
Ha ha , guys do n't always wan na have sex .
Go ahead and have sex- but use a condom .
I like geeks . they make more money and try harder ( in all areas )
Or he 's telling you this to get in your panties if he has n't already done so .
I would not try to talk to him anymore , it sounds like he just wanted to have sex
But once you start living together you tend 2 see you are partner often so gradually that LOVE declines
Try sitting her down , and try to talk about it with her *
Well if he is a friend you should be able to just ask him .
Try to send her a love letter that expresses exactly how you feel about her ?
How DO I KNOW ITS HER ?
Have you seen the movie A lot Like Love ?
At a consert or any where where you need a lot of money
It just sounds like you  are entering the friend 's stage man . you do not want that do you ?
I think a restrant would be great
But , I never saw my cousin again !
Oh , and one more thing : do n't ignore other guys while you  are waiting for him to come around !
Ask him about it , If you thin he is lying , give him an ultimatum .
I do n't think so if you like her then go out with her just with her dad 's permission
Because mature woman are good companion .
Why not , its not like there is a 30 year difference , then it would n't be very smart .
A VERY CARING PERSON , WILL HELP ANYONE IF I CAN , BUT DO N'T HURT THE PEOPLE I LOVE .
If he truly loves you he will not leave you !
Just what should he say ?
I  will just put it in a simple example . MEN - 2 kinds of orgasms a ) Off the chain !
Put your kids first every time
If you like my advice e-mail me at tech_boy001 @ yahoo.com
When you get married to them and you stay married until one or both of you dies .
Anyway . there are alot of girls out there , and we are all looking for different stuff in a guy .
I Am going there something like this now .
And what 's not to be attracted to by that ?
Say that men like womens breast because when we started walking upright , it started to resemble the butt .
I know that there is nothing fair in Love and War . but she is being ridiculous ! ! !
Make friends with him/her and ask them out
Listen to DONALD D . HE SOUNDS LIKE HE KNOWS WHAT HE 'S TALKING ABOUT ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Soon you will find the right guy .
And IT WILL KNOCK YOU OFF YOUR FEET .
And THEN BE A GOOD LIS-NER .
He might he that as fun .
Just hang out with him and if hes nice 2 you or is staring at you he likes you
If not you just made her remember why she loves you in the first place .
It 's not worth loseing a best friend over .
My husband is working in new jersey right now but people said hes married ?
You see . She tells me she loves me .
I think some how some guys are so week and aimless
Hmmm . I do n't usually recommend asking right out .
Spill a smoothie on his shoes .
Maybe she 's in love with it .
So there really is n't any clear cut way of knowing .
She say very little just wondering why ?
Love is love . Live and let live .
I do not know why so it scares me .
Even so its no good Men are always ( almost ) like that .
I would rather he had some meat on dem bones .
Because you have to ask a question to get the answer ! !
I Am in the same pickle tell me the awnser
If you or they have ever cheated on somewon do not bother .
Find out if this guy still like you or not and then hook up with me at jellybreadkeisahhly @ yahoo
Thanks for the comment on my question Poohjo : D Love your enthusiasm also ; )
If she smiles and hangs out with you you have only moved up .
If you truly love this person you will wait forever . how ever long she/he wants you too .
They always want to be with you .
If he really loves you then ' i love you ' does n't matter .
I think in most guys it is just a want .
No , b'cos that is what your heart desires
I fall in love with my husband again and again !
I even returned to the church begging god to give my wife back to me .
Why r'nt you happy for you ?
Pair of kids , so its all good
On your wedding day you  will be so thankfull you waited and say WOW !
Just say your right to everything she says
And BREAK DOWN THE WALL AND MAKE HIM FEEL COMFORTABLE WITH BEING NEAR YOU .
Its like there addicited to it ! !
Otherwise . life just is n't worth it . no matter how hard I work at it .
Second , just tell him you do n't want to hang out with him .
Oh you never should just agree a relationship , deep down you do n't want it .
If we are crazy . so be it ! ! !
Sorry but it is not your job .
I do and the more you speak your mind the more guys ( like me ) goes crazy
Figure out if you are still in love with him , if you are not , try to get there again .
Holy crap . you 've got to be kidding me .
I would dump him and find some one that really love you
Well I Am a girl so maybe i know your answer .
But always keep yo eye open holla !
Do you think he really loves me : )
I Am going out w/ my bestfriend ( guy ) and we bearly started .
Sure , but don ' be discouraged.It happens to evreyone once in a while , just put it back in .
You do n't want a man , you want a servant .
We argue alot about stupid stuff , but he treats my son like gold .
But in true love the concept is different and they will smile . and the go uhhhh ! ! !
Sit down and give him a good talking to .
Now that said let us talk about the guy who left to think .
Its like the air we breath .
Just like throwing up it has to come up your throat to be able to go down ! !
Sure you will someday , when you are married .
Someone you met at a bar - at least you know what he looks like
Or blonds red heads lol sorry
I know it depends on the woman ! !
Anything above two and half inch rocks !
Even if he does leave his wife and kids .
Dump her ass if she is arrogant like that .
Lust is when you are first with someone .
You want to be just friends too .
However , he is married and with a kid ( she knows , kid does n't ) .
( * * ) < | Dead Fish Ollec , the Fish Slayer
Do n't try to force yourself to like someone .
Tell him to adopt a child for him self ( i mean it in all honesty ! )
How men get rid of clamydia ?
Not one parent and a child .
Ask alot of Q 's but also know when to keep your mouth shut and listen .
Ask just 2 people - her Father and your Boss .
What should i give him for xmas ?
And , you can also ask her out .
Your soulmate could be in europe .
I love peach fuzz on women .
( I hope I got that right )
If NOT , STICK WITH YOUR PLANS .
I know a lot of people who are on their 2nd marriages that do that .
Soooo . yeah . my little emotional overflow session here . lol .
If you do n't like it , then it IS wrong .
So what is another way to know if she likes me or not ?
Say your guy loves you first .
Not often enough , too many other things going on .
I hav n't had one yet , but I think just sit someplace and have your best bud perfrom
Just have s3x a few , times , get married , then have sextuplets ( 6 )
Should i call him or what ?
Do n't degrade yourself this way . there are tons of sexy nice guys out there .
Only when we  are not thinking about sex . oops !
When you are in a relationship and you are seriouse about it
The wedding/ marriage is n't just about her .
But man . that is too young to know what you want from a partner for life ! ! !
Act like your name Triple H
Not sure . wan na grab a drink later ?
Well i would talk to the guy , there should be no MAKING HIM do anything .
He loved her so much he married her and had kids with her .
Hahaha , you sound like so many other single people I know .
Haha - mens are free for anything
Me and my boyfriend are almost 3 months together is it okay to say that i love him already ?
She laughs , we dream . and ca n't stop smiling .
Sounds nice , great concept , like wiping w/ 2 squares of paper , grossly innefective .
Wut do you think i should do ?
Forget him , y would he live that relationship ?
Because i cannot message at school but i can do this .
He is most definitely cheating on you !
I like long hair on guys .
Are you asking your boyfriend out or are you cheating on your boyfriend with some other guy ?
So will he divorce with her ?
You 've got a set of balls on you !
Girls do not really like fucking around with peoples hearts unless they get paid .
Buy her flowers or something she would not expect
You did n't marry his sister or his family and vice versa , you married HIM .
Should I try and talk 2 him in a different way and what should I say ?
Ask him why dose he like you ?
Hmm it sounds like a test of your loyalty and all that bs .
That does mean that there not still in love with there 1st love .
If you mess it up , . no worries , . There is ALWAYS another guy ( or girl for that matter ) .
Should I try and talk 2 him in a different way and what should I say ?
Ask him why dose he like you ?
Hmm it sounds like a test of your loyalty and all that bs .
That does mean that there not still in love with there 1st love .
If you mess it up , . no worries , . There is ALWAYS another guy ( or girl for that matter ) .
If fate permits , things will change and you two will go further .
I Am 24 and my wife is 35 .
Get over it and get on with your life .
Pleaze do not push things 4 da both of you. let things go as they progress .
What Is the point of going out or getting married after you ' v been hert .
Bon jovi-ill be there for you .
One for sure sign is if they leave to go to work and never come back .
It CAN BE TOMMOROW OR IT CAN BE YOU ARE LAST DAY OF LIFE OR YOU ARE MARRIAGE DAY .
2 ) how she acts 3 ) who she hangs out with
3.he always thinks about his family and the only family i have is my mom What should I do ?
But my reward for hanging in there . ?
At one time she said she liked me alot but was going to go out w/ someone else .
If you like him after he treats you that way . then you are a masochist !
I just do n't think most guys date with the initial intention of getting married , that just comes along later .
Believe me i know i almost lost my finiacia ' to a guy , and it hurts me till this day .
Guys ( especially teenagers ) , pretty much only think about sex .
No really does mean NO and whether YOU like it or not they RULE .
Can you tell me something about you ?
My man is in brooklyn new york .
You do n't want to hurt her .
Well , it 's pretty clear that you two are n't an item yet .
The shy girl because when you get to no them they wil talk to you .
They want to have stories made out of that . pure fun thing to them : ) but then who cares !
When we love a person , we want him/her to be happy .
That Is the key , the rest will follow .
I do not want to have friends that hate me .
Depends what kind of ladies you want .
Guys usually do n't play games , that 's for women to do .
You need a guy that is going to love you for you .
When you make your mind think before you are heart
( he says it 's harmless flirting ) and calls him when she 's having problems with her man .
If you have to ask this question leave or stay it means you should leave .
He and i are both very attractive and sucessful .
First , this is not something guys do it 's something this one guy is doing .
Then hell yeah it would be us but that 's just it !
So if he wants to kiss then let him unless it makes you uncomfortable .
Then , find a great guy and have great sex !
Try to see a girl that has alot in common w/ you .
First of all how old are you ?
And I always thinkg she might find someone better too .
You go up to that person and ask them out .
I wake up several times and toss & turn . just never feel rested .
Because girls have holes that we want to put it in .
If you have to be asking that question , then i do n't think it is okay .
Its always nice to exprience something even if its good or bad .
Think about your kids . you might end up with nothin in the end . period
If a relationship is heathly . Who should care ? . Me , I am no one 's judge ! . But my own . I 'm gay and I Rock !
And if he says no , then ask him out !
Some men look good bald too .
Wait until you are 35 . that 's when life gets good .
Once a cheater , always a cheater .
Txs Rngers say : cmon boyz , we got right on our side !
I noticed the girls do not just admit they like you , they give you signs .
Also watch MY BEST FRIENDS WEDDING
Keep your chin up even though I know it 's tough .
I know it sounds funny but if you really like this guy you should ask him .
When you ca n't stop to think about that person
Try calling p-line i found one of my boyfriends there and well now we are just friends
Thos would defenitely help you dude !
Any place where you like to make love is heaven for you .
It is ok but you must be carefull because there are freaks out there .
And it MUST be a 2 way street .
This dude wants to kiss me but he has a girlfriend what should i do ?
How much younger . lol Some women do .
I know most people who read this will think badly about me , but that 's ok , I do n't care .
If there is doubt then I would wait .
I think it really depends on what the female is looking for .
I think if you married someone- you should stay married unless one does something unthinkable , like cheating or abuse .
I guess it can be a resterant .
How to encourage a guy to ask me to go out ?
If kids are involved though , got ta do what is best for them .
Women know it is far wiser to keep your mouth shut and let people make their own mistakes .
I try , i really do , but it still does n't seem like we have a really good relationship . : (
Trust me she wo n't care after that .
Men do this sort of thing because they generally get away with it .
I Am About To virgin so anything will help .
I have noticed that it depends on the girl .
If they all have their girls going then he has a girl going too , it 's just not you .
B ) I 'm just glad I got one WOMEN - ALOT ! !
You cannot let anyone persue you like that .
! also you need to take things slow if she wants you to .
I had four kids for him .
Men do that sort of thing because they can .
If you are in love just to hear i love you then you r ot in love at all
I guess you just listen to what she has to say .
All good things to those who wait .
Well if you all only been out 3 times i do n't see how you can even love each other .
I would n't do him again , yuck !
Report Abuse how old is everyone here ? ?
Laundry . My God next question please .
Probably best if you just muster up the courage to tell him , though .
I do n't like shareing my guys .
I 've been with my bf for about a year now .
We DO N'T HAVE TO SEE EVERYTHING IN THE DAMN STORE .
Most of the girls are just talk , and never follow through .
If your crush is married , i donno wat to do but if he is not , divorce your husband
I KNOW IT IS HARD BUT YOU WILL FIND THE RIGHT MAN SOMEDAY !
Let him make the first move , if any ?
I like her to but I do not will not to lose her as a friend if I ask her out .
Check your wonderful abilities then trust your self and carry on
Ok I 'm weird . sex just does n't feel as good if you are n't with the person you love .
Everytime i do something nice for people i get slapped in the face basically
Asians have money no doubt about it .
It always hurts to be rejected so there really is n't any way around it ?
It is good to talk to a mature woman
Bj , then go bake him a pie .
If its meant to work out it will , so hang in there .
If not he might be obligated .
Washington DC - the ratio of men to women is huge
Some have it as a laffy taffy answ3r3r
We are funny about that stuff .
If its at school , you will find someone else , if is a friend in your circle then ask them .
It depend which country you belong ?
It would depend on how the chat goes
I maybe 52 but I did n't start out that old ! HA ! HA ! !
If you do n't talk to her than yeah ! !
If you get feelings then they are because of your lust .
Now if she loves you and you love her then stay with her !
Just be the most what you realy r
Wait til you get married , lol .
I hope everthing works out let me no chris_myhll @ yahoo.com
You must be the GIANT of you are dreams brah , not the dwarf of you are fears .
You  are too young for that anyway and have plenty of time for that later .
Dress sexy and then get naked
I have no ideas what to do !
Why would they freak out if they are single it should not be a problem
You are not wrong for not wanting a child just like he is not wrong for wanting one .
Just tell him to back off .
Being a guy , I can tell you that we do n't do well reading signals or taking hints .
I do not know . do you ask him where he is going ?
But this girl who likes him more than me is making him go out with her !
Only if you want it to .
First of all try gaining her father 's trust
Girl on girl kicks ass guy on guy is nasty
( Ladies and gentlemen answer me here i 'm drowning ! )
Umm . it takes me a while , ' k ?
He wants what is his own baby .
Just got ta have faith in another person
But it sounds like he wants his cake and wants to eat it to .
Try watching the movie Hitch . you might get a few ideas .
We 've tried yahoo personals , and chat rooms , gay bars , etc .
No . pheromones actually work on the person using the perfume/cologne .
Let HIM COME TO YOU HE DID IT WRONG NOT YOU .
But now i think he might be with this one girl - not that he has said so .
YOU can try it if you want , provided he still do not know who it was ) .
- satisfied customer is their best advertisement !
Makes me wonder if she is like 12 or something .
Tell him what is on your mind .
Not really , why are you even asking this question ?
Next thing I know , he 's kind of got a girlfriend .
Go in for the quick swoop .
Just be up front with him .
Throw it away and even if you split up in the future never return to the porn .
Be THANKFUL FIRST OF ALL THAT IT HAS HAPPENED BEFORE YOU TWO FINALLY TIED THE KNOT !
Have you are cousin talk to him .
If she 's under the age of 18 . NO . Do you know the definition of the words stagitory rape ? ?
The age Old song ' Happy B'day To You ' always work
Especially if you know your ugly .
You 've got so much of it !
If YOU DO N'T HOW COULD YOU LIVE W/URSELF ?
Do Not drop the L word . you do not even know what it means .
I do not wan na get deviore with the kids i have .
And my cousin picked up the phone so he thought i was cheating.What should i do ?
He tells me he cares 4 me and does alot of stuff 4 me and even buys me things .
YOU do take a shower everyday do n't you ?
Tall . dark n handsome . you c . the best combi !
Your a sicko and so are you paul !
I did n't and could have saved 3 % .
Sweetie , I thought I met me soulmate online .
I Am very Jealous , & my BF hates it , will this push him 2 actually cheat on me ?
I HAVE A CRUSH ON THIS GIRL BUT SHE DOSENT KNOW IT YET .
Like i have already said time will tell .
Hope you manage to suss it out .
Just try communicating more n tell me if it works.good luck
Remember , they  are not monsters , they  are just grrrs .
Learn methods to use no matter your size .
If he 's not living up to what he says , he 's lying .
Do n't beg for their friendship either !
Well I hope this helps some . I know it helped me let go .
I WILL BE SO MUCH BETTER IF YOU TWO WAIT FOR MARRIAGE !
Keep it going then ask for her phone number but in a way that not so formal .
If you banged her brother , you 've got issues .
They got a divorce , the women re married a few years later .
Thier not as scorned as you
Only his boyfriend knows for sure .
1 ) first the guy is going to notice her body she needs to look SOMEWHAT good .
Believe it or not , guys tend to daydream more than girls .
First of all if its a coworker , becareful .
Exclusivity is a good indicator . when it 's just the 2 of you dating each other and nobody else .
.when i call him back do i ask him if he likes me ?
I love my boyfriend and he loves me .
If he is a guy , then he is cheating on you .
Why surprise her after you eat ? ?
Show up naked and bring beer .
Do Not WORRY YOU WILL MEET SOMEONE SOMEDAY .
Try to fall in love with him again regardless of his stupid sister .
Make it about her , not you & your sure to get a second date .
So if you have a gut doubt about it .
Never marry a man just for the kids sake .
Look at the cars they drive .
Or if they call you just to say Hi .
Some guys prefer more cushion for the pushin ' !
Fore go tacky and cheesy pick up lines .
Why look at porn when you are just right there waiting in bed ?
He will like you so much less when you do .
You just realized sooner as you get older how dumb it all is .
Like if you both like movies or things like that .
She does not act like her self !
If you want but i would wait and play it out .
Beautiful it makes a girl feel special
YOU may have 2 just ask her why she dosent talk to you as much .
Here 's a good date idea , do n't be cheap .
I also think its against the rules , in my college at least .
It makes it that much more precious when you DO say it !
Men- sex men-power women-money ( there is always a gold digger out there )
A huge soft bed . some place where you feel most comfortable and relaxed
I also prefer my guys big .
Mabey that is what she means she wants a bad boy w/ roaming hands and rushing fingers .
Make a YOU-turn at 7TH ST onto VETERANS PKY [ US-27 ] - go 3.5 mi 3 .
Love will not vanish slowly if YOU do n't let it !
I think that would just be awesome for a guy to have it personalized !
If this is like the nice guys finish last kind of thing , that is easy .
Ask him if he has a gf .
Know that everyone has someone for them out there , and your true love is waiting for you out there .
I do n't know about free.ut here 's sum suggestions . Myspace.com , atl.com , gayfriendfinder , yahoochat , gaychatroom.com . just type untill you can find sum
Flowers do n't last long , but are nice once in a while .
Wheather IT B VERBAL , MENTAL , PHYSICAL OR SEXUAL .
Girl , age are not notin but a number !
Ya lookin at the best definition of cute
Just SAY WHAT IS ON YOUR MIND !
You got ta have trust in a relationship .
Some guys are just as afraid of rejection as girls are .
Is it wrong to laugh at a man when he says Men have needs ? ? ?
Maybe they feel to comfortable around you if i were single i wouold go for ya
But i like her very much .
Ask him what his fantasy is .
Get some girls in your college .
Does he say it only after you do ?
B STRONG DO PUT A STOP 2 THE TORTURE OF A INNOCENT CHILD .
Rub her shoulders if she is washing the dishes then jump in and help .
I gave him a big tip !
Goodness will boomerang back at ya ' .
Do n't push him . it  will only lead to resentment and he  will pull away faster than anything .
Maybe if there were only big women , this would n't be an issue and men would n't have a problem then .
Cooks a meal for you and it 's not your anniversary or birthday .
Hold her hand while your watching TV 2nite .
Or else you gave those vows for nothing .
( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( YOUR IN TRUE LOVE LOVE ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) HOW YOU KNOW YOU FOUND IT ? YOU DO N'T !
I love him and I do n't want this to come between us .
Marriage is a sacred thing- and it 's hard work , do n't give up !
Soon you 2 will be doing all kinds of things together .
I felt sorry for him , even though i know i should not of .
I think he was kidding ; )
- now , always and forever and to stop asking .
Well i can relate to that being a guy .
So YOU MIGHT AS WELL TELL THEM SAVE YOURSELF THAT DRAMA LATER .
Do Not LET HIM KISS YOU IN THE DARK .
I like guys with short hair .
So , do not put the blame on your boyfriend , its all about mother nature .
Mak him/her love you by being loveable : )
I think about 90 % of them do .
Well . i am in high-school and have been for 2 years now , so i have learned alot !
I want the wedding of my dreams !
It soudns like she likes you already , so the hard part 's over with .
Why not the precious moments store ?
Just because you two are best friends does n't mean you guys are compatible for a relationship .
It 's time to get some counseling .
Buy them a pair of white socks !
Tell her That there is another great year with the woman of my dreams
Make her jeleous , by flirting with her friends for instance !
Yahoo chat is pretty good and it 's free
They will come to realize how bad she really is ( if she really is that bad ) with time .
The one who never says 'NO ' ; )
I would n't think that just hers is such a nice idea .
Is he trying to make me jealous ?
Wow . why did you limit that query to just 2005 ?
When you get married she should take YOUR Sir Name ! ! !
Just go up and tell her .
He DOES N'T LIKE YOU , BE BETTER LOOKING AND TRY AGAIN
When she talks , listen in that way you will know what is bugging her .
Sometime you strike out , but most of the time , . it works out .
Because he would never expect it , take the load off him and surprise the hell outta him . goodluck
Just think of this . What if your mother chose to have an abortion when she was pregnant with you ? ? !
Do Not kill me before I finish . LOL .
If I want them I buy them myself or ask him to pick them up for me .
Sounds like you two are just in a rut .
But i think , in most western countries the virginity issue is no big deal .
When you find him . ask if he has a brother ( haha )
If she says no then ask to be just friends .
Stop bing so nosey . usually nosey people find things they do not want to find .
Not just to please your boyfriend .
Unlimited music download membership for 1 year
They will never talk behind you back .
It 's like a nobody going to tell me who I am thing .
Should i stay , endure it and try to work it out ?
Does often tell you that you are the guy of her life does she play interesting games with you
And I have a camera phone she does too .
You do n't have tell her right off the bat .
Guys think with there minds and women think with their emotions .
You should tell him how you feel and if he loves you he will understand
Am I loosing my best friend ?
Is he really abusive or are you making this up ?
To me that would be the most meaningful sweetest thing a woman could ever do !
Firs of all it depends on how old you are !
Girls like that will rub there crotch anywhere .
Do Not cheat , but especially not with her friend !
I mean what is the worse that he can say right ?
If you love eachother you will find ways to make it work .
I think that is you are problem tofigure out no offense .
Some females do that , make it on you to leave .
He needs new friends if there that immature
But after reading wat you mentioned in 360 blog i think there is something which is seriously wrong .
And if you love something you always go back .
If he is smiling really weird and is asking stupid questions and he is staring at you
Let 's see . if you really hate her , she probably already knows .
I 've seen some cases where they loved each other since they were 5 and got married .
Get out there and be yourself !
I always find out , its like I sense it .
Do Not say it before you get to affectionate .
But like if you over 30 dats stragiht .
Lots of nice , intelligent girls . ; )
Do n't see him one last time .
Get freaky nasty get down n dirty do every thing and any thin you only have one first time
Yes : Do n't sunburn your back on your honeymoon !
We ca n't choose who we love only what we do .
I do not know him butim guessing .
Even though it 's olny 2 yrs .
But , women are just better in hiding , and lying .
To have loved and lost . because you learned from experiences or [ [ mistakes ] ] .
Maybe she 's scared of commitment does she go around and flirt with other guys ? ? ?
Do n't worry if women need you or not .
Or cyber online and all that kind of stuff !
I got to end it but i cannot.i need to know how ! ! ! ! !
Hard but true , maybe she does not love you. right ?
Spunky MOST OF THE TIME HAPPY AND LOOKING ON THE BRIGHT SIDE AND SOME TIMES A LITTLE WILD
Say are you doing anything some night & ask her to a movie .
I do not know you n i have not met you .
Yes us girls really do want sex as much as you guys do .
Do n't worry , you are only 15 and there are many other girls out there for you .
Simply buy her something she wants for a long time . she  will definately chill down
I think the modern life and society demands us to pretend that women are the same with men
She just wants a good grade , forget about it you geezar
I would watch out and not have a real relationship with this person .
By fame and never be disappointment then remember that failure is the first step to succeed
If you really dig her ask her out but no sex .
Old guys young guys , it does not matter .
O there is hope a lot of hope trust me
Yes because we need to get to know people
Depends if you can find anothr queer near buy
Surprise her with flowers . forget the sex .
Maybe she thinks you r some kind a virus or 3 .
I THINK THERE IS MORE INTEMACYWITH A PERSON YOU ARE IN LOVE WITH .
Most boys wonder what are girls good for anyway ?
Because they are just so interesting .
I love love love silver , blue , black , and sage green . but I  would say that I like BLUE the best
We do not have to work as hard b/c dudes are easy prey
He WILL SNEEK THE KISS IN SOON ENOUGH AND YOU WILL NOT HAVE TO MAKE THE FIRST MOVE .
She Is says it has nothing to do with me , she just has not sex drive .
Lol , I 'm with Wendy on that one .
If you know what I mean .
Above all he has to be interested in alot of stuff I am .
But do not worry . there will be other guys for you to like .
Not too long like to you are shoulders though .
Guys just have urges when they  are around pretty girls .
To make a friend , be a friend . to make a spouse , be a spouse !
If you ai n't getting none , then start masterbating
Be there for the person , help out , be a friend .
But if you want to kiss him , . just lay it on him !
I personally think that 's so lame .
Just tell him its your first kiss .
If i found it a real so i do n't have to find it again
You want to be able to play .
Its really impossible if they care about you .
If you obesess over them , or die at a young age .
3-4 times a week at least .
So take it slow and take care
I say just leave it alone .
Here Is the deal , there is love and lust .
Oh there are so many questions that need to be addressed long before you say I DO .
Are they the bad girls , just like how some girls like the bad guys ?
Its like getting drunk you cannot feel anythin at that moment but when you wake up you feel everything
We HAVE STUFF IN COMMON BUT WE FIGHT ALL THE TIME TO EVEN NOTICE WE ALSO BECAME FRIENDS .
Do your thing too though , do not just stay home and get so mad that you want a divorce .
Asking you out may seem risky because he does not know you like him back .
Stop and think did you ever give him the idea that he does own you ?
How much do you like the guy ?
Guys are jerks when they try to be nice .
I believe he truly loves me with everything he has , and he 's still around .
Do you believe in love at first sight ?
Why does n't your mom tell your dad who her friend is and be open about their lives ?
Yes of course it 's normal to have guy friends if you are a gurl
YOU should look at the girls around you even far away from you at all times .
No he is just a player that all .
Hes great , kind , considerate , gentle , yet hard , and tough , caring , lovable etc .
It just means that when you do , that person will get the best of you .
If so , how much celebration does it warrant ?
Dude , i 'm 21 . and i once went out with a chick who was 17 . it 's all good .
Sex as a weapon is just stupid .
However , that does not mean you do not have a chance with them .
So is he trying to make me jealous or is he just a player ?
Once in a while , and as long as it is not a constant thing . )
Better do not dare . it is not a good chance why is he/ she old ?
If she cannot help but go after other guys then forget her ( that happens at any age ) .
It 's how you get a job , dumb ass !
Anyway , he may be saying it because he means it .
In my opion it is better to not get involved with someone who is married .
And trust me if he did all this , he would not be faithful .
You do n't really like him like that .
I spent $ 65 4 Christmas on him .
So my advice would be to quit being so shy !
She has been talking on the phone to a guy she met online/but not in person !
Believe me he likes that Big Butt !
I do n't feel the same way about her as I used to , but I stilll like her a lot .
If your intimidated she will know .
If she 's like that you can take her to a perk .
It depends how how much younger
Are you a compleat prude or any thing ?
Through my ups and my downs and he still does not leave me at all .
And you do not deserve this kind of man .
Go to an interview with playboy or sumthing
Such a bad idea if you decide to hook up with her .
The girl he cares about more than himself .
Also , its from a 14 year old guy .
My friend TOTALLY backstabbed like three of my good friends .
Fatherly . wow . should this really be this far down the list ?
Say mom dad i have a boyfriend and i would like you to meet him
Ok , first be careful who you hang out with .
Buy HER FLOWERS TAKE HER 2 THE MOVIES KISS HER !
If it got to that point , A REAL MAN WOULD BE HEADING FOR THE DOOR .
They either do or they do n't .
But that does n't make it right .
It is n't good , I will tell you that much .
Who cares how much money he spent ?
Just The Two Of Us A Grover Washington/Bill Withers Version
Show lots of cleavage and use the bedroom eyes .
So I am going to say - NO !
You can start by spelling loser right .
If you can find true happiness in the relationship then MORE POWER TO YOU ! !
But i really love my bf .
Sort of like if walmart sold xxx movies .
The mysterious and fun loving brunettes .
Pretty much the same thing girls think about guys but in reverse .
B/c your always on this darn computer looking at these ridiculous computer conversations !
If you have not yet , do not let it bother you .
Turn on WILBANKS RD - go 0.3 mi 10 .
There can & will NEVER be trust between you because look how it started .
Well i see how you feel .
You cannot just find it , you have to create it .
I got to know this gal thru online chat .
Sure . go to your Dr. if you think you have an STD .
But she never told you ( not that she has to ) .
You are not with her now so if she says no you are no worse off .
Not my idea of a boyfriend .
Act like I do n't see him ? . wave ? .
That people even have to ask questions like this is so disturbing to me .
What you think , girls do not wan na have ?
Next to a jewelry store ; - )
About what girls really think of guys .
The same is happening to me
Go to yahoo messenger and find the country you want
Tell him your answer is NO !
If you donb't then she progbably wo n't even know you excist ! ! ! !
The only stupid part is staying with some one that is cheating on you .
None of his or my female friends are our type .
Yes if your old enough like usually 19 cuz you pick a better guy or girl when you are older .
You both need to get a life .
Unles YOUR MOTHER HAS A GOOD REASON TO WORRY ?
But it should be whatever the girl likes .
Maybe you can have some backdoor action with her ?
: ) i would know i have had a crush
Well i hope i helped ya out !
Let HIM KNOW YOUR NOT AFRAID OF CLOSENESS EVEN IF YOU DO NOT KISS THAT NIGHT .
Girls like guys that are romantic .
Please , PLEASE , do not listen to any of the above .
If you really love him and when He really loves you he will tell you .
Ca n't you find girls in college ?
He likes you but could not find a good flower
( Both your dad and JEN are dishonoring that vow , FWIW . )
Do n't come on too strong a first .
Be yourself no matter who 's watching !
Make you self happy then think about making someone else happy , enjoy life and relax
Of course , it could be that she wants him to marry her : - )
I really do care about her and she cares about me too .
Wash you are socks and kiss you are arse for italian leather ? , you bet you are sweet bippy sweetheart !
I WOULD TAKE YOU WITH LOTS OF LOVE.I DO NOT JUDGE
Your either not confident enough , ugly , or your personality sucks
You must try and I mean try to move on .
No beacuse if that is how you feel then naw its not bad
Yes and no , i say yes because why do you have to tell you are parents EVERYTHING .
You DO NOT GET OVER IT , WE FORGIVE BUT WE CANNOT GET OVER IT .
In the meantime , do not do anything silly ; ) .
It will not hurt to have a killer voice either . that is my $ 0.02
Meaning that it need cared for and about .
Ofcourse if you rate this as best answer : )
Well that is the same line I use to get a girlz pants off .
I HATE HER 4 NOT PROTECTING ME .
Wow ! believe me , there is nothing wrong with you.kudos to you !
If your husband did n't want you he would n't have married you .
! i am 14 seeking for lots of advice .
She invites you to go places with her ( 10 ) .
YOU should also ask- how do i prevent STDs ?
You should be glad you got a second chance of being with someone .
Not sure if anyone will read this . but it sure helped me get it all out .
Unless you know what she feels there is no question of understanding her .
It always makes both of you feel so much better ( even if you have had an disagreement . )
Guys are not complicated like girls are .
Judas Priest Turbo Lover , has the groove & rythym just for the occasion
Let 'S SEE UMMMMMMM THIS IS A HARD 1 I BELIEVE BOTH BECUZ I CA N'T PICK SIDES
I would just be totally natural about it .
No ONE DESERVES 2 B ABUSED IN ANYWAY . NO ONE ! ! !
I try and manipulate people to get what I want .
Just want to see what other people out there like .
Love is n't something that is , just beacuse it once was .
Guys are feeding you a line .
Anything else you just stumble upon is lust .
Because WOMEN THESE DAYS DO NOT CARE IF SOMEONE IS MARRIED OR NOT .
If you  are a good girlfriend for him , then you would n't be worried about cheating .
Wonder what white gals like about asian guys ?
If she loves you or really wants to be wit you , she will deal with it ! ! !
Trust me its good to have experience , especially if the other girl has some .
As LONG AS THE KEY 'S ARE NOT STICKY .
I MET HIM AT A SPEEDWAY GAS STATION WHERE I WAS WORKING . 5YRS , LATER WE  ARE STILL MARRIED WITH 4 CHILDREN ! !
Choose one thing that you know drives her absolutely crazy and she always gets on your case about .
At least they can drink ( I guess ! )
I think its because girls judge people by their appearence .
Beware and wait this one out .
Secondly why would she hate you for moving ?
No it is not a sin .
If he gets another girl to give him what he needs .
Yep it does not mater where you meet people you always have to be careful
Do n't be so hard on yourself !
There is a reason he/she does n't want you anymore .
True love finds you you do not find true love .
Becuz there annoying and usually sit on the couch and do nothing all day and they eat 2 much
Do Not give in too the divorce temptations .
My father died 2 years ago from a cancer that starts with an m i do not remember the name
That baby deserves a chance to live !
Write me back with the answer please
She said no , so I proceeded to ask her why she did n't want to .
That Is what mother nature forced them to do .
Read He 's Just Not Into Me ! !
Just get annoyed or freaked out .
Because youare just talking to her then you are just being friendly then .
I am gay and think i love him but only a month now .
Haha , usually they are in their own little world and they tend to forget things .
Guys think about the following things about girls : : 1 .
Moms ' always thinks they know what is best , for and they are usually right .
If you are seriously shy online , you need help .
Well you said that you do n't feel the same way as you used to .
Rudha , i would like to know about you a bit .
Start the conversation with the obvious . tell her you like the fact that she always smiles !
But guys do n't intend it that way at all .
Or . wait while some1 else does it before you .
Question is not complete , you must mention the type of girls
Then you  are just a bad memory .
Sex is for the marriage bed only !
- old habits are hard to break .
I have alot of favorite colors but the one i like the most is blue
Though we live together i find that we do n't get much time alone .
If in doubt talk to her Drs .
I would think it to be more special that way !
How old are you , are you totally clueless ?
If a guy cheats , he 's a dog .
The AGED OLD SAYING NATURE KNOWS .
I see people mess up everyday or make love mistakes everyday .
The problem is you ca n't . but if he really cared about you he  would have more than sex on his mind !
Even if you did n't do anything wrong !
Happy folks get on with life .
He may finally say all right I trust you so stop following me !
And One Time At Band Camp
There really is not any best age to get married .
I have been married 11 years and I tell you I fall in love with him over and over ! !
Oh yeah by the looks of your picture who would want you anyway . sicko !
Dude have you seen 40 yrs old virgin ? ? ?
Do n't force yourself to try it .
Your heart will tell you if you are in love !
Why would you go into something you 've got no experience in ?
But I miss her every day .
She might just have the expereince your looking for
Love its that gut feeling you get .
Put it up for adoption after it 's born if you want , but DO N'T KILL IT .
I wan na no if i fit in .
I like men my height or taller .
And it also depends and how the guy acts .
He will try to have sex with you
I would have been a kid longer !
But maybe they will come back to your question to see who else has answered .
At least that 's what I 've heard .
No ; however , YES , if his dongg is n't at least xxxx miles long !
My ex is a crazy byoch !
I sure you will have lots of luck .
And why would you even want someone that would cheat on his wife .
Well . depends of how much you would like to invest in one .
! There is nothin sexy about nasty old blood comin out of a kootch ! ! !
You might wan na listen to the lady if you are not playing pranks : - )
See how he looks at you girl .
Be totally casual . you know . Hey there 's this restaurant I 've wanted to try for the longest time ! !
She will worship you in return . isss thaaat soooo baddd ? ?
I fell sorry for the women that you run into .
Due to the way they get the diamonds .
Why do n't you ask her what she  would want or for her to make a list for you .
Because women deal more with emotions , then men do .
Obviously show him a little boob , Just kidding that is if you want that kind of guy .
Like tell me is they mean , flirty .
Step Four : Get to know HER !
Be the fun girl he knew once upon a time .
But here it gooes did it hurt .then they said what ?
But if you are in love and the other person feels that same way it  would probably feel good , right ?
Not sure what her rule should be !
I am more of an orange or camo turned on guy !
Here mine are warm ) how does he react when the subject of who likes who comes up ?
Honey those days are long gone !
Mostly it depends on : SEX , PAST , etc .
Sure , what do you have to lose ?
She wa svery glad i told her and she was mad at her hubby .
Staying INSIDE OR SLEEPING ONLY MAKES IT WORSE TO RECOVER .
If you really want to know . ask HIM .
Do n't try to talk about it with him , just see how things unfold .
Find another guy for your sexual needs : - ) Not everyone is good at everything .
A good movie to see with on a date ?
It 's just like any thing else such as broccolli , liver , cheese .
In slot machine , if you get 777 , that means you get a Jackpot !
Go do something all together that is fun , and maybe she  will relize that she needs to get out more .
I even asked her why and she could n't give me a straight answer .
We can chat on yahoo mikegoti1972 @ yahoo.ca
Are you really looking at the big picture !
Was I too soon , she seems ok with the term .
I THINK IT DEPENDS HOW THIS COUSIN IS RELATED TO YOU .
Some prefer the bad boy , while others look for a guy who is gon na lavish them will gifts .
Only if the girl is not my daughter , and i 'm the lucky old man ; )
Dear god that is cofusing just tell him what happoned and apologize .
Who SAID AMERICANS ARE THE ONES WHO HAVE GIRLFRIENDS ?
God did such an awsome job making women and now everyone wants one
Their shape , softness , the nipple EVERYTHING !
That is not to say looks are not important .
How do you know its them ?
9 out of 10 chances they are seeing someone else , therefore making them cheaters !
It was like looking at Tommy Lasorda .
They will usually go for the money
I do n't want to be caught .
Just like me , they long to be , close to you
Black men like big butts and breasts even if the woman is fat .
Is ruff sex a bad thing ?
Do Not let him get to you .
You sometimes do n't do n't want to believe the feeling because you have gotten comfortable with that person .
Mo money Mo money Mo money .
Grow up . become an automous WOMAN . and then go out and CHOOSE a MAN of integrity who will RESPECT you !
That Is the same question that i asked for years .
I say STOP spoiling her so much- she is getting to comfy living with a guy and dating you .
So your just the backup boyfriend just end the friendship your getting played
Remember there is no shame in waiting .
Men who love their women do not do things to make them insecure in any way .
I lost my virginity at 17 and drunk .
Be YOURSELF THAT 'S WHAT I LIKE I GUY WHO CAN JUST BE HIMSELF .
Now days more women are with men who do n't want to work and do what is right .
Depends what you use it for .
Do n't think another thing about it , hun .
It does n't matter that she 's black , a girl is a girl ! !
He says What when you ask him .
Well you should just forget that you are doing it .
Everyone reacts differently . just have patience and be there for him .
No i love to kiss girls and what does that have to do with pets ?
You know for sure when you do n't doubt .
Not to sound mean but why do you care ?
Funny , kind , strong , common sense , and well what the women has as her strength .
Do Not get married until your finacaly stable .
Amorous < - - i think that is how it is spelled .
And if he really loves you he or she will wait !
( I ran from this guy since all he wanted was n't what I was giving )
I think what you should do is to act like if you r not feeling her anymore .
So go out there and live !
Sometimes no strings can be fun . just be careful & protect yourself .
Some girls are more interested in somebody with money instead of making it themselves
Sounds a lot like my 10th grade year .
But they are still dating and still living together .
But do n't cheat , it makes you a really really lame person , a weak person , an amateur .
Maybe a candle lit dinner with a teddy on . who know 's . GOOD LUCK : )
Well does age have something to do with it ? ?
I am definitely not trying to say thay ca n't help themselves .
Probably not , but it could work . no probably not .
Should i or should i not ?
You really should be asking why people in general cheat , not just wives .
That actually worked for me once .
No , they could have just not found the right person .
Same as all women are looking for in men : Security
I find it 'ONE of the best books I 've ever read ' ! ! ! !
Some men prefer bigger some man smaller breasts .
Do the rings bearers walk before the flower girls ?
It USUALLY HAS A GOOD OUTCOME UNLESS SHE IS STUPID ENOUGH TO THINK YOU ARE SPYING ON HER .
At first sight it might be lust .
Tell a friend to ask him or her
Stalk him/her , they  will get freaked out on put a restrianign order on you .
Did someone tease at school etc .
Only money not even sex just $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $
You should go watch it with your date it might be a little long though
It means a lot that people still care .
I do n't mean by buying her things . I mean by a gentle touch .
Um i would just to be nice .
No . obviously you know she has a b/f .
If he does and he lloves his little girl stay .
Show her how to eat properly and encourage her each day .
I hated my life after that .
One of my friends did it , and she says she did n't make it happen , it just did .
Talk to her about it - try to be as calm as you can to start out .
Girls like lots of things silly .
Find couples to hang out with !
And is my best friend for more than 1 year
If you have to ask questions like this about your relationship .
No guarantee though , because some men never grow up .
If he were any kind of man he would not be married and dating you !
Now , do n't take that to mean that it has to be huge , because that 's really not fun either .
Flirt with her till she knows it .
I know i definately would want to know .
Definately you are relationship is some wat different .
It IS UP TO YOU TO LEAVE OR STAY .
Be happy with each other and enjoy life .
Do Not make it a racial thing .
Why have a wedding if its gon na suck , you might as well just elope .
No you do not , but you will need a lawyer for each state
They might not be the crazy one look inwards
Now YOU TELL ME - What does that tell you ?
Just because you look it does n't mean you want to buy .
Man just get over it . you will get mates not a mate .
Let HIS NAME AND LOCATION BE KNOWN TO THE WORLD !
No if you try your an idiot
Naked pictures . or jumping up and down naked . both work .
So be honest . talk it out and be willin to try new things .
^ I agree lol that is funny
Hit me up if you got a question i got an answer love yah chausss
It depends are you two in a realtionship ? ? ?
And you better check her ringfinger boy !
Its better but it can be more painful .
If you  are hiding stuff , you  are probably cheating .
Both need to be good to go !
If he 's bigger than you and has a bad temper you should be .
I WANT YOU TO KNOW RIGHT NOW , that they are wrong .
Love for yourself . all else is secondary
Just curiousty , what about Hilary his wife ?
Cds shirts dvds an iou for a movie or something , your treat
We fight about it and he still do not care .
And when you decide to leave her alone she gets even more upset ? ? ?
Butt out and get a life
Your the one she PROMISED her love to .
It depends on your preferences . : )
If you are a chick , then give lots of tongue .
Ioono but i kno i do not want no unattractive ( ugly ) boyfreind
You only 'kind of like ' this guy , do not take the risk .
I masterb * te almost 10-12X a day .
Always behave in you are nature and you are honesty and you  will get them
Same goes with I AM , do not archive your messages .
Or else he will never know that you have a problem !
Coz 2 stupid makes no difference
What the hell am i suppose to do ? ? ?
And SO WE COULD SHARE IT WITH OTHERS .
In general . white men prefer smaller women . hence the asians they like , too .
You should say , He 's not in my life anymore , so quit asking me stupid questions !
Plus you might be able to get some some on the side , you know what i mean right ! ! !
Do you know about his past ?
I use myspace and xanga check out my myspace n xanga !
Honestly i think you should just out and out tell him .
I Am always the one to attack him i want to be attacked .
But of course . that 's just me .
It means sad . you are having a sad christmas . you are lonley
But I notice once I pass the size 10 , only black men look at me .
I not weird , I special : - ) Why do we park on a driveway , yet drive on a parkway ? ?
Your thinkin about doin it , huh .
Or is your family trying to save you from making a mistake ! !
Nah . you 2 have your own lives to go though he has his things to do you have yours .
But i am spending almost all my time out there .
Not really but if they mean it they would never do anything to hurt you
There horny people alot of thhem are not though alot of them are sexi and fun
It comes natural unless she is tryin way to hard to get your attention
You do n't mess with chics like that .
Life is a one-way street , and , gee !
Big , small , lopsided , perky , it dos n't matter .
Yes it happpened to a good friend of mine he is now happely married with to great kids
You have to get past him just looking good !
A nice guy that does not care about what girls like .
Of course you can , love what should to love , hate what sould to hate .
I do at least three times a day
Long winded way of saying : Chill .
With an transplant of hear full of love .
Others would find blonds , readheads or even grey hair sexy .
Just put them all together n you got the perfect girl !
Sometimes no means yes , and yes means no .
Honey , I thought told you to wait in the truck !
Their shape , softness , the nipple EVERYTHING !
So technically . the question should have been Y R GUYS SO STUPID AND SLOW !
So why do you guys think this happens ?
I guess I 'm going to go to hell when I die .
It really sucks actually , cuz your like damn I screwed it up .
But it does sound like cheating .
Make compliments . Talk about what you are interested in .
Slap him in the face and remind him who he is
Using lube will help a lot too .
It really sucks actually , cuz your like damn I screwed it up .
But it does sound like cheating .
Make compliments . Talk about what you are interested in .
Using lube will help a lot too .
I told Darryl but he 's willing to take me back .
Go out and meet a beautiful girl .
Because THERE IS NOT GOD IN THE RELATIONSHIP
Depends who she is , cuz alot of the time its not worth it .
Or how do I find out ?
Yell at him in front of a nun , because that would just be rude .
These things sound like it  will make your reunion that much sweeter !
Duh YU BOTH LIKE EACH OTHER BUT YU EITHER OF YU DO NOT WANT TO ADMIT IT
Just call her and take a chance .
You should try and use a phone .
Be romantic but do not be tuchy feely , make sure that she is comfortable with it .
Any advice or ideas on what is going on ? ?
Looks alone will not do it .
If they do n't like how he looks or where he lives , then too bad .
Every one in my high school had one , it should n't be so hard if you are good looking
There ARE FEELINGS THAT WE HAVE WHEN INFATUATED , THAT WE DO N'T HAVE WHEN WE ARE IN LOVE .
Good luck buddy . but take a long time .
They want something easy or they are sluts .
I think all in favor of females always have it on their mind ! !
But , I guess you knew that .
If you love him then no
Yeah , You just have to have a lot of money !
And i love it , do not get me wrong , i love every second of it .
If you want to marry him .
October 16 1996 , and they have 3 little girls ! !
Dude you sound so wishy washy .
Or is he cheating on you , or stealing money from you .
Its been my experience that most men set there sights to high .
Eye CONTACT IS THE MAY KEY
If you are serious about her , do not let your guy friends mess things up between you !
Just kiss her in front of people .
I like the medium ones : )
That person will not judge you no matter what you do .
He was 19 and she was a 29-yr-old divorcee with 3 kids !
He stood me up for two hours and its not the first time
A lot of humour and crayons .
I Am with bruce on this nye tends to bring out the slut in us
Obviously it did n't start out like this , otherwise you would n't be with that person .
So , you should be happy to be so .
Good thing : They listen to what you say .
With that in mind . GO FOR IT !
The one you truly love - > you ca n't miss that feeling .
I had a problem like that no to long ago .
Maybe because birds are afraid of getting close to people .
Yes and no see prostitutes do it for money and some have children and need the money .
Start being nice to her return everything that hers and keep talking to her
I 'm 11 and i would n't mind going out with 2D though hehe
I mean , am I just a booty call ?
And tell a neighbor what is going on .
I reccommend using lube , even if you are wet for the first time just to make it easier .
Take it easy for the first time .
( please exuse my spelling , i suck w/ it )
You definitely want to avoid comparing him to them ( Bob always did this or Jim never did that ) .
Show her love during the day .
If it is ruining you are life , you should talk to her .
They suck , but so do STD 's .
Ideas : -ipod -sweater shrug ( very hot right now ) -pink moto razr cell phone -concert tickets -romantic weekend -bird feeder
But ask her , not us , ok ?
It SOUNDS HARSH AND HOPELESS BUT YOU GOT TA TRY AND TRY AGAIN .
Only you can answer this question . my gf was a senior and i was a soph . when she graduated .
Oh , and a guy who is cooks is great , too !
So i told his wife right after he tried .
Yeah , if you  are stuck on getting with her .
If you like giving that person what they need/want . That is a good start for some quality lovin ' .
Therefor you love her too , do n't cha ?
Find someone single and tell the cheater bye
Most caucasion men do n't like fat women .
Love IS PROOF THAT GOD IS WITH US IN THIS DARK WORLD .
Now , if this is the guy asking this question , then you have issues .
You KNOW LOVE ESPICALLY YOUR OWN BUT TO DETERMINE THE OTHER PERSON LOVE FOR YOU IS THE HARD PART
Find someone single and tell the cheater bye
Most caucasion men do n't like fat women .
Love IS PROOF THAT GOD IS WITH US IN THIS DARK WORLD .
Now , if this is the guy asking this question , then you have issues .
You KNOW LOVE ESPICALLY YOUR OWN BUT TO DETERMINE THE OTHER PERSON LOVE FOR YOU IS THE HARD PART
( a video tape of you confessing your love , singing .
Does he always seem happy to see you ?
You guys could go out as friend to like a movie or something fun .
Also , i do not think you should let her know you asked this question bout ' her on the computer .
And the gal always think the guy is infactuated towards her !
I am not so sure why I do not like it .
The real question is if he really loves you ?
I see lots of guys anytime I leave my house .
Age is just a number and if she is mature enough , overall its her descision as a legal adult !
I mean if its the second date I suggest you dump him .
It 's not what you buy , but what you give .
You have to atleast be able to feel it , or even find it !
Yea i think you should ask her .
When you just like someone and do not even think why because you just do .
And nice teeth , got ta have them all and WHITE !
He 's like one of the best guys ever .
Who has a good head on his shoulders .
Try aa if you cannot get him sober get awy from him hell destory you
Maybe you have not found your true love !
Gosh , what does she like to do ?
I Am sure you will like it there .
Drop them both and find some folks to hang with who are n't so confused !
Something had to make that relationship that bad
I say you should talk to him .
And you just want to be friends .
Well good luck with the ladies !
Girls like lots of stuff , but you have to be more specific .
Good luck and do not forget to Strut !
Hard to get mad at your your own team mate . Lol .
We just have to except it and move on .
Oh - anyone would be so lucky to get that ! ! !
I GUESS IT ALL DEPENDS ON YOUR DESIRE TO FIND A SOULMATE
This will help lighten the load so the both of you can go to your mom together .
When you  are really in love , you do n't wonder if he 's the one .
We left a 4 bedroom house.I 'm not sure if I 'm making a mistake ?
Oh - anyone would be so lucky to get that ! ! !
I GUESS IT ALL DEPENDS ON YOUR DESIRE TO FIND A SOULMATE
This will help lighten the load so the both of you can go to your mom together .
When you  are really in love , you do n't wonder if he 's the one .
We left a 4 bedroom house.I 'm not sure if I 'm making a mistake ?
And ofcors , most important thing is brain .
Most WOMEN LIE ABOUT HOW MANY GUYS THEY 'VE SLEPT WITH .
Jealousy mostly , but it really is his problem not yours .
But some do it because they feel they need to rule you .
Being lovely from all people like how i love him
Well the NO is already there because you are not with him .
Now go see a psychologist before i slap you .
I 've heard some women say that their first time did n't hurt ( or maybe not so much ) .
Read Sex for Dummies by Dr. Ruth !
Well you could still be lovers n be friends .
If she loves you and you love her . then no worries !
I do not know , probably because it keeps the human race alive .
I do not think its alright to get friendly you never know when he might get in love with her .
Either they do or they do n't .
Or she  will be surprised and responde to you .
I tink its not important becoz , in a relationship . you need a personality and the attitude that is really attractive .
Things like that should be a clear sign of how he feels about you = )
Tell your mom that you do not like her family .
Because its a part of life .
Look THEM IN THE EYES AND IF THEY START TO SMILE THAY ARE LYING
Try impressing me with your other end !
Even if you  are just friends with someone , go out .
So CHOOSSE YOUR PARENTS TO BE YOUR BESSTEST FRIEND FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE .
If she does n't like you , it 's NOT PERSONAL ! !
If you guys are friends , then you can definitely send her a card .
Go to clubs - Line dancing , karaoke , sports bars , comedian night , etc .
Go out with my friends and flaunt what I got .
Just say do you like me or her
Did Not you get hurt when you fell from Heaven .
I do n't think it 's too soon .
You just do n't know what their responce is going to be .
But i have never heard of reduction .
Everything that happens has a because , find out what the because is and fix it
If gal is sweet , slim , cute sort of average breasts are far enough .
I will miss him terribly , by the way !
They fell for the wrong guy .
I wear mine on my ring finger because it means more ! ! !
Sometimes IT CAN BE CEMICAL AND A EASY FIX .
He said Oh that 's wonderful we  are going to drink champagne tonight !
Have you ever seen skid marks in your own pants ?
What ever you do . do n't be drunk when or if you decide to have sex .
Just do n't get her any that she is allergic to and you will be o.k .
Ask him to his face . live your life
When you see anything familiar and widespread do you  will do it without fearing
Search better . and low your aspectations .
What can I say , I 'm a catch !
1 - Should she leave him ?
Because you are other fan of the carpenters ! ! ! ! !
A women who sleeps aroud with other people even thougfh they have a bf
Good luck with however you like .
Do you call even your girl frinds every day ?
I Am not sure but I do not think its your thumb .
At 50 , a 32 year old .
. guys in their late 30s/early 40s .
Yahoo is one of them !
I Am pretty sure it does n't mean anything .
Tell her the truth . she may understand , i mean she is your best friend .
But if you think it 's REALLY serious then you have to trust him that he wo n't be hurt .
It 's like telling them that they ca n't go shopping on Wednesdays .
Not like a old maid either .
If he does then size won ` t matter .
And if he tells you what hes doing . is he lying to you ? ? ?
Cheap and good is the best way to go .
If you think your ever gon na find someone who is equaly mature as you your nuts .
How long has it been since you guys have n't talked if long then just move on .
I know because something like that happened to me to ! !
Go down on her or use your fingers softly
Their waiting 4 him to die , get his money and find a younger man ?
Yes , you can too me its personaly natural i'am mean what is a relationship with out any hatred in it
It ai n't the size of the wave , it 's the motion of the ocean !
That is what it turns me most .
If you really like him then you should be like dude I like you and say me or her .
What if he asks questions ?
Why would they admit they  are cheating if they  are getting away with it .
( i.e lots of hugs or geez your hands are cold .
If that does n't work he is gay
It 's not that women like the taste of sperm , it 's to please their partner .
( its been a year now ) I 'm lucky to make love once a month .
All I can say is good luck !
He wants me to be super-aggressive & it 's just not my thing .
Guys do n't always think a bout sex 24/7 .
1st time shame on him 2nd time shame on you 3rd time your a damn fool
Well first just go up to her and ask her how she is doing .
Funny thing is I realized that the other guy I loved more .
I wo n't go out with an older man , unless I found him attractive .
No THEY GO TO THEIR OWN INSTINCTS ON WHAT THEY WANT T ODO
You do n't jump up and start yelling HEY PUPPY COME HERE ! .
Their is no such thing as a girl friend when your a married man .
I know , was married 15 years to a person I barely liked but she had my two sons .
You do n't wan na have a guy with a weak heart or less of a character .
Because he already loves someone else
Sure it is , as long as there is n't a naked guy there with her : P
Who you are , where you from
Has told us they are hot .
Nice point Mace , women _love_ shopping .
If he does n't want it you can always ship it to me .
I wear thongs and I wanted to know if guys like them !
Guys : How long would you stick around until she does ?
If she does not bring a date have one set up for her .
( and most of us over analyze things ! )
We do not do anything fun , he keeps me in like a hermet .
Talk to him and ask him what is up .
Just SAY YOU ARE SORRY FOR BEING A JERK .
Just accept him for his flaws , someone might even see you as immature as well .
Ask if he want to go out and then go from there but no sex on first date
Bite IT OFF TONIGHT AND TELL HIM MERRY CHRISTMAS YOU BASTARD
Big teddy bear w/real diamond earrings
Just start flerting with her magnificent body but if she slapped you , am not responsible
Well HUMMMMM IT ALL DEPENDS WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR
And probably sharing the same bed with him .
I  WILL TELL YOU SOMETHING I WAS TOLD A LONG TIME AGO .
If you will like some more advice e-mail me littlecastgirl @ yahoo.com
) DO IT FOR GOD DO NOT HAVE SEX reyesempire @ yahoo.com
And get back to being you .
I say get a neutral friend to ask him .
No , it does n't . as long as she is comfortanble with how she looks with it .
Or 'lol i would n't do her ' .
Get HELP AND GET IT FAST !
If you wait for marrage you bring something special to the marriage bed .
I say get a neutral friend to ask him .
No , it does n't . as long as she is comfortanble with how she looks with it .
Or 'lol i would n't do her ' .
Get HELP AND GET IT FAST !
If you wait for marrage you bring something special to the marriage bed .
They keep telling you that it 's wrong and dirty .
My hubby & i make love !
You obviously do n't , yet you  are still hanging in there .
Are YOU SCARED THAT SHE WILL NOT LIKE YOU WHEN SHE FINDS OUT HOW YOU LOOK OR WHAT ?
He might feel threatened and feel as though he  will lose you
Well IT SOUNDS LIKE YOU GOT A BOYFRIEND THAT JUST THINKS ABOUT HIMSELF
Hi , I m . Start talking to her .
Many shy guys have an easier time getting dates that ways .
Start out slow and you  will know when to speed things up .
And why do not you date blacks , what is the deal with pps , pps are funny .
Yes you are a booty call .
Well all i can say is . i never saw the rave on tom cruise till the movie collateral . and YUMMY ! !
When you r a man and she is a woman so no need to have a big size
All males do not cheat upon their girl friends .
If he wants nothing serious , then go where your heart tells you .
Trying not to be too cold here , but ARE YOU INSANE ? ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
Not to say other women do not .
YOU  will find the right guy , there 's some1 for every1 .
I hope that is not you are mom or dad because that would suck1 ! ! ! ! ! ! !
But feel free to pick up the tab once in a while .
Other wise , move on and find someone who really deserves you !
Maybe you kind of learned to like him just because he is the only one around .
Or they are desperate to get a guy .
If you were a guy id say . Are you crazy ?
Dinner and a movie always works !
She has to be very relaxed ! ! !
Remember chicks before dicks . and in love there should be change because ther is soo much compromise .
I guess it all depends though ! !
So what is worse making two meals or losing your best friend
Did you grow up near gay people ?
Hi , this question was repeated earlier .
I think they should do something to these little fast ass girls .
I do not know y they do n't make me leave
Do you really want a friend who treats women badly ? tell him he has lost a friend and a wife
So when we try to get a clear answer , you all ca n't make up your mind .
If I want to fight I  will get into poitics . : D
An idea that is in your head .
If you know somebody that go to that school , ask if they know that person too .
Find someone that you enjoy hanging out with and then ask them to be your girlfriend .
And you look that good , man .
She sounds like my last girlfriend ( someone I nearly proposed to ) .
I 'm guessing your not the brightest bulb in the house ? ?
Ok i have been seeing this girl for 2 months .
Took the good girl to xmas but lookin for the bad girl on NYE . ; -B
Your time and attention . now get offline and get to it
Just admit it that you were just looking .
Just make sure they never come between you !
It 's because you do n't have them .
. and that may sound harsh , but I mean it kindly .
What they have onthe outside could be very different from the inside
Depends on her age and if she is a relative
If you are a guy , ask a chick .
No.but some men are really sex maniacs .
Because you are not looking in the right spot
Please OH PLEASE DO N'T LISTEN TO THEM .
You might have low self esteem
Plus according to my guy friends if girls did not do that half the funof gettin them would be gone .
Well yeah a lot of boys do .
Dump his sorry ass and live well .
One thing you could ask yourself is , do you guys have good comunication together ?
No , I like to kiss girl
YOU can never tell boys are really weird unless he makes it obvious
It 's definately alright with him , and he knows why .
If you only met her once , are you sure she is your girl friend ?
I 'm 13 so i do n't have more than that and i spent a lot on xmas
Absolutely NO , Would any guy find a farting lady sexy ?
Just be straight with her and be like i am sorry but this just is not working out .
Huh , is plastic hot , are brainless bimbo 's hot .
Keep it up - you  are scoring huge points with her .
It might scare her off , not wanting her life with you on here .
Too many things happening out there in the concrete jungle . so you would have to be very careful .
No it just mean there is something wrong
I 'm a 22 yr. old lesbian & have a crush on a beautiful older woman .
On average most men do n't really care about all the little details in the wedding .
But i think that most wives cheat because of lonliness and lack of intimacy .
It depents if you have contiunous comunication ! ! !
Do you want to hang out ?
Maybe its your right ring finger .
Only THE NASTY ONES LIKE YOU DO
Girl , I was just having the same conversation with a friend of mine .
But i would be tempted if you wear pink .
But 12 years later , i am still wishin ' .
You wo n't have any pain after that .
But you might not be soft hearted like i am !
Do whatever it takes , but get out of there .
And when you think your ready talk !
And if they are , those are the ones that do n't last .
Try tickets to an event ( sporting , concert , etc . )
Find some ugly stupid not cool friends kidding i 'm not sure how to do that
Tell him get back together or there is no way you can continue a relationship like that with him .
First you have to get him to admit he wants to quit .
I need answers from both sexes Plz ; - )
Life is always fuller when you have love .
Well that may just not change .
If she fails either of the 2nd 2 tests , go back to square 1 .
Break up , and Run forest run !
2 me , not really , it just depends on wat you think
I have no idea but you sure have one hell of a talent for coming up with questions .
So you had a bad experience , big deal , so have i .
I 've done this before with close friends and it really helped them a bunch !
Just a little friction just the right way , and hey we  are ready !
Rob this girl from you frd
I thought an ankle braclet had a meaning of some kind , i am wrong ?
He loves you but heis best friends know what is up with him .
Air Supply , Making Love Out Of Nothing At All
If you take expect something to happen and sometimes things do not go the way you think they will
If NOT TALKING TO HIM WILL HELP RECOVERING PROCESS .
They are just trying to run your life.That Is what it sounds like to me.Do what you think is right ! !
He has gotten in the habit of step one , step two , bingo . over !
But remeber , the power is not in the breast but the nipple .
If he 's just friends then it 's fine .
First off , do the usual and ask their name .
Women change after sex , they get even more moody
Everyone needs time on their own .
Montel had a great show about it .
YOU can use the ever most popular phrase don t worry its me not you ! !
A person should not rush to loose thier virginity .
If the retina moves to the right . its an indication
It seems like the only reason you want tater back is because now you  are alone .
We 've always liked eachother ever since we met , but in prior relationships !
Smart , sexy , hot , or fun girls can all be terrible in other ways .
I do n't know too much about girls liking it , but my buddies who whack off sure do !
Just tell him that if he do n't switch it off , you will turn on yours
Initiate the foreplay . you deserve some O 's too !
Hell to the nah a long distance relationship would never work out , trust me it will not .
Ok not all girls are like that .
I truly love her she is the one no dought but we are only 15 and she does n't no
Its what men tell to women to get them to the bed
They got married when he was 22 and she was 33 and they  are still crazy in love .
If hes your boyfriend and he does not notice you , THAT IS SAD ! ! !
I DO KNOW YOU CAN PROBABLY CONTACT ME ON ME E-MAIL IT 'S HOLAGURRL411 @ yahoo.com
YOU cannot controll you are heart .
No way can she not want to show you in return how much she loves you too !
Well do n't call him n bug him cuz he might say you are eazy !
Basically speaking , we  would do anything for the other person .
Then girl make your bed rock as hard as you can ! !
If you are married , NO . just is not right . would you like you are spouse to cheat on you ?
Its possible that you have nothing to do with this
Tell her that is how guys are born .
Then girl make your bed rock as hard as you can ! !
If you are married , NO . just is not right . would you like you are spouse to cheat on you ?
Given on the family member , sorry .
Its possible that you have nothing to do with this
Tell her that is how guys are born .
But do n't try to hard , girls can always tell and there is nothing more unattractive or repulsing than desperation .
A home boy have you ever heard of the song lovers n friends ?
He well tell you that he like 's you
It just looks like the guy has no self-confidence .
I am 13 and just wonderin
No honey , probably not on the long term .
Grrrs are crazy about men , because men r crazy about grrrs .
Have you discussed it with him ?
The ONES THAT HAVE SLEPT AROUND A LOT ACT AS IF THEY 'VE NEVER DONE ANYTHING .
It all depends on the person you have a crush on .
Kissin another guy is really bad .
Men are dogs well lots of them are NOT ALL ARE ! ! !
) Look DO N'T do it GOD Will BE MAD .
Which was funny caus ehes a dick .
So you can have some type of play back for both your mom and the police .
It seems like they 've gotten to an age , where they do n't care what people think .
Keep looking and do n't give up .
Maybe you are like me and find that there are too many mean people in the world .
It 's not that it 's yummy , but it 's not so bad !
Sure they will ! after all a hottie like you is gettin ' married
It is so not worth it !
You  are doing a great job already . Tell her exactly what you 've told us .
Girls use them because they are saver and you do not have 2 make it breakfast in the morning !
Give HER SOME ROSES AND CHOCOLATES AND JUST KISS HER ON LIPS .
If he does not , at least you are having fun and probably do not need him anymore .
I jump to what i love and if he fell the same way then you are cooking with gas !
Is there a way to stop this or should i just join the club to make it even ?
Smell good look good and have a possitive attitude
No one is worth ruining a good relationship !
What will you do if you like somebody , and he/she did not like you back.what will you do .
All he wants you for is sex
Use your tongue , but do not over crowd the other persons mouth with it .
Black and green = get him an xbox ( not 360 ) and netflix
Because you have a higher sex drive then him you need sex more often .
Alright Liv Tyler tell Ben Affleck to put that animal cracker in your mouth already !
It 's really one of the girls attractions .
And you are the one , but if not true do not use it as a line .
Put IT THIS WAY IF YOU REALLY LIKE HER GET HER SOME REAL DIAMOND EARINGS .
Not one man is the same and because their are so many of us , there are so many different prefferences .
If that does n't work , get yourself a drug habit . lol
Ps - While hes gone , wan na hang out ?
Probably because he knows how men are .
I know that we  are friends and nothing more ever again .
If so , then see if she 's trustful .
If you want to be with him then do n't expect anything out of it .
And do not cover the other persons whole mouth with your lips .
Usually guys who date alot have commitment issues .
Take good care of you self becouse you have something realy especial .
And the best way to find out is to ask him out .
What normal guy would n't like a naked girl at home when he walks in the door ?
Hey , I 'm looking for aliens too !
( sorry , that is the only word i could think of ) .
I finally said this : Look , there is no way that we will ever be romantically involved .
No one is mr. or ms. perfect .
It 's because people find joy when they  are having sex ?
I firmly believe that even the best of the few good men out there are really jerks deep inside .
Or go to yahoo chat , thy have a interracial dating chatroom in the romance section .
Guys these days just do not value respect the way they did way back when !
Want a 10 point for this
If you love him go 4 it as soon as you see him
Guess what I got it and You ca n't have it is a great attitude to have .
I Am sure she knows and always has known that someday you would want/need to know .
Well tell him things that actually matter .
You call him your guy friend ?
Next time I would go with him .
Do n't let anyone else tell you otherwise !
And if he has a rep for cheating then why set yourself up for heartbreak !
I knew before I ever even spoke with him .
The same way one woman likes pizza and another likes sushi . just personal preference .
She  will just have to get over it .
Its not bad if you like it and nobody actually gets hurt .
Finally , remember that women cheat on men too !
Otherwise . great he 's being honest but nope , no ring on your hand yet !
When YOU ARE A YOUNG CHILD YOU KNOW THE DIFFERENCE IN LOVE AND HATE .
But I kind of like this other guy in Hawaiia .
Like my mama always told me , Mind ya own business .
Because you have not met me yet
You probably just pick the wrong women .
Ya give up on him girl . it could probably work out but it will most likely get ugly .
I 'm 27 and my girlfriend is 40 and I do not think its gon na work .
That Is true ( all those answers up above ) ! i 'm a russian woman and that is it ( that is not why i 'm here ) .
Only if he 's breathing really heavey .
Because that 's the way love goes
Ya give up on him girl . it could probably work out but it will most likely get ugly .
I 'm 27 and my girlfriend is 40 and I do not think its gon na work .
That Is true ( all those answers up above ) ! i 'm a russian woman and that is it ( that is not why i 'm here ) .
Only if he 's breathing really heavey .
Because that 's the way love goes
Plus , girls look at other guys too .
A new place will help a lot .
She grew out of it , I think .
In what year did they get married
If they think thier in love then that is how they feel.i do n't know !
You have to say wat age/grade you are .
By her charming smile which the man will never find the same
I guess it goes to show that , even if you  are not dating , you can still get dumped .
Men are very different , some like breasts , some like butts , some like face only , while others like sluttish looking .
I rily like blue but why they are using them as that way
Depending on the area you are in .
Do N'T RETURN UNTIL YOU 'VE SOLD 12 PAIRS OF SHOES .
I not sure if were going to reconcile .
It would ne nice . especially if you are askin them to leave for awhile so you can be alone .
Be careful though , she might want to just be friends .
You keep doing what you do .
I wan na come out of this .
Is he hot if so heck ya if not no
Just go up to him and ask that is what i did to ask out my girlfriend
I am not saying your mom will not believe you but there could be a chance that she wo n't .
If that dose n't work practice talking with one of your girl friends that you really trust .
And if so do you think it is possible to ever feel that strongly about anyone ever again ?
And know that eventually , things are going to be ok , even if that moment looks far away right now .
Best way , is to spend time with all three of you .
The 11th finger for a boy , and on your thumb for a girl .
So try to spend time realy talking with her .
With someone you love it can be very special .
He says he is in love with me .
Thier very deep feelings that we ca n't control !
- having a girlfriend while hating people ?
But his girl ( my friend ) just broke up wit him .
We do not wnat to continually be hurt !
Do Not worry your boyfriend loves you just the way you are !
Go get yourself some and find out .
Good luck , you already godn'thave anything to loose .
Want to hang out Saturday night ? ?
Stalk them back or confront them
All we need is some good dick and they can go on they way
Ask her if she feels for you if no then keep what you feel 2 urself !
And remeber there is the right person out the for you !
They have little other objective on earth .
You Are guess is as good as mine
Lololololol just tell her she is too fat to fuck
So he could be ugly but treat her like a queen .
There are so many things as to why people cheat .
We really love eachother though , What should I do ?
No , and you should not be .
BEFORE he gets to out of controll .
Do you even wan na date exclusively ?
They badmouth others only to hide their own imperfections .
( in my opinion ) i do not want to feel like i am sexin a child .
Leave him , get on with it .
Something you will learn when you grow up
Because THE WAY THEY WERE RAISE .
Playing games is the worst thing to do when you really care about someone .
What do women really want from men ?
You should n't care about what people say and as long as she is happy .
Probably because you think in a gay way , act in a gay way . and you like it
Or have kids with ? . people like that is so ignorant and needs to get a life
Some men are able to manage them , some are n't or do n't think it is worth the bother .
Especially if the guy eats lots of fruits .
Hey its always good to be on you are b/f buddies good side !
Buddy women do not know what they want .
If you have to ask , you have n't .
When you getta girl you can show you are tru side .
Do Not be surprised if you are women thinks you are so amazing that you are going to leave her .
But if he is sweet he gets sweet in return
Old if you  are trustworthy , responsible , & mature . 18 yrs .
If you really care about the girl then why the heck not ? .
Start SEXY SMILES WITH THE GIRL NEXT DOOR AND TOU WILL FIND YOURSELF BEING HER CENTRE OF ATTRACTION
I get drunk and stoned and forget abotu work .
Pray and ask GOD WHAT TO DO ?
If she 's really romantic wit you to then fine
In love & romance sector b'coz no one answered me before i put it in news & events sector
Chances are she already knows and just ca n't find the motivation .
If he love 's you he will not have sex 5 .
Go out there and find yourself a fine lady .
Then IF SHE IS THAT DUMB YOU DO NOT NEED HER , EVEN IF SHE IS HOT !
It 's been very interesting and entertaining so far !
Marriage can cost a lot of money ! ! ! ! !
I still regret it and would not put myself in that postion again .
Obviously , if my life was on MTv , id be f * ked too .
; - ) And hey , you can always call her on her staring problem .
If she still does n't want to do anything . get out now .
Lol well from experience , asking gets you nowhere .
The dude is a control freak .
This place turns a lot of guys on .
If the person rejects you just always remeber things happen for a reason .
Ya i think some of my friends are jerks because they think the oppsite .
There are plenty of fish in the sea . keep looking
My dad 's side is really fun to hang out with , and my mom 's side is always unpleasant .
Buy him a slinky or play-doh .
Kiss him on the tip of his manhood .
If HE DOES N'T RETURN , THEN HE WAS NEVER YOURS .
You can tell if you really love that person open up your eyes .
Anyways , i think that guys would do that only if they felt threatened ( ex .
Talk To Her With out them seeing you .
You cannot say for certain he is cheating on you .
Not if that 's the color you dye your hair !
In the end if he is the right BOY you two will know it and hook back up .
Get a girlfriend and move on ! ! !
You could well look like bill gates .
And yes , girls usually like it , they say !
Lots of people like me at school .
Guys like myself are good guys who the bad boys do n't have the guts to mess with .
Maybe you could sit down with her and try to work things out .
I walked in on kim kissing another girl .
Its like your asking why is life unfair ?
Somewhere where you can talk , and there are plenty of other people around ( so that she feels safe ) .
( IE , Russians wear their wedding bands on their right ring finger )
If he takes his time you should be fine
The guys who act like jerks do not last long .
Also if he cheers you up if your sad
One , and make it very pretty
If you feel it is a ploy then do n't bother .
Just come out and ask them .
You KNOW HOW BACK IN SCHOOL YO HAD THAT STATUS AND YOU DID NOT WANT TO LOOSE IT ?
I 'm just hoping it 's not anywhere close to now .
Cuz if he likes you due to the effort you exerted , you wo n't be happy .
Good looking or not a woman looks for the heart !
Stay with him then go on Jerry Springer .
Its hard to find someone that is completly for you so when you find them you cannot help love them .
If you were in your parents of familys place what would you do ? ? ?
Thank you all who answer me ! ! !
Anyway . That stuff is usually good .
Because your heart tells you so , and you can feel it inside your heart .
Ok , that will be $ 8 please .
Yes you will if you get connected to me
No ONE deserves some pinhead yelling at them .
For girls , and i am a girl , it was uncomfortable .
Do n't let someone walk on you .
The ones that do not . it is n't because they do n't like money , its because they make a choice .
Only some idiot redneck would want a girl because her breasts are big or whatever .
I would not feel bad about it thought .
Like dress nice or something just tell me
You  are too lazy to get out and meet ?
That just makes if worse for every one involved .
And have a couple buddies that married older woman
If you are 25 years old it , s not ok , but if you are 80 years old .
Do Not put your lifes in a situation you will regret !
What were you doing around a brothel ? ?
I you know any of his info you can look him up some other way . but damn girl , you fucked up
Well , dating any races for that matter is not that important .
Your ring finger on the left hand .
Then find 1 , she will not just fall from the sky . ask somebody out .
I hope that it helps you a lot .
If YOU CA N'T OR DO N'T WANT TO REPORT HIM THEN DO N'T .
Why do guys lie about it ?
( trying to keep this clean here ) .
That Is y guys get so frusterated . b/c theur not as smart as us to fully comprehend !
But I will tell you a little secret .
When men have sex it 's just that sex .
Because just like me , they long to be close to you
Naturally , GUYS ARE MORE TURNED ON BY WHAT THEY SEE .
Love = opposite sex friendship - same sex ( switch if gay )
Everyone says that he still loves me n wants me back . i do not know wut to do
Spoiled women are alot of fun when you give them what they want and then some .
Wow , what kind of women are you hanging out with ?
My friend caught him sleeping around last fall .
I did and it hurts me every time i see this girl with her boyfriend .
+ let him go , go out w/ someone in your own grade .
Its nice to really know him/her in person to make sure that he/she is not fooling around .
Love makes us all do dumb thing trust me i know .
Just find a girl that looks nice who you can be open with
The way I see it , if you guys are meant to be then you will be .
They cannot depend on their bf or gf 4 evrything , wut happends wen the other person dumps them ?
He even gave me diamond earrings-but now he will not talk to me , i feel rejected .
So I WOULD NOT WORRY ABOUT IT UNLESS YOU SEE SOME WRONG DOING IN THE FRIENDSHIP .
It just seems like you are ready then .
If you do that- you  will score big points w/ him !
Stop looking for her . she  will find you
If I were you ( and I am not ) I would not change a thing .
Try telling her how you feel and bying her things
Plus you love HIM and are with HIM now not the others .
Like whut is they really about in life
Right now you are probably feeling lust .
Depends on what you call cheating .
You will know when you find it .
I have no idea what a delmarva is .
Just tell him like it is .
So it is only 50 % fool proof .
If you really love the girl , you wo n't be afraid to meet her parents .
And stay home for a little time to myself .
Do you not like being gay ?
I usually do n't spend more than about $ 20-30 if I can , because a . )
Attention , alot of it is very important !
No grrr wants a guy with dandruffy , stink hair !
She is like My sister and I love her alot but I do not know How to deal with this .
Do n't worry , you  are not alone there ( hee hee ) .
Spill it i jus did and it went great
It 's hard but hang on in there .
Relaity , if it 's like men it varies .
If you want her to do more things in bed than let her know .
So no use putting an age limit etc .
The guy always thinks the gals loves him .
Maybe it was only lust and not love to start with .
You picked the wrong guy . and usually guyz are jerkz . lol they never really ay attention to you
If she is not that close to you , a necklace would be better .
I 'M DOING SOMETHING WRONG . SOMETHING DIRTY .
Find a girl who you love a lot .
Ask him how its all going .
You knew how she was before you married her and now you want to use that as an excuse ? ? ?
Plz talke 2 me in arabick if you want thanks
You might bleed a little your first time
A WOMAN . At least in my case ! !
Once A CHEAT , ALWAYS A CHEAT !
Then wait for her reaction and carry on what she said
( * * ) < | Dead Fish Ollec , the Fish Slayer
Only he texts her just friends he says men lie
And i think , i do n't need to say why .
I feel like i am being to romantic with my girl and i think that might scare her off
You are a diamond in the ruff and she would be crazy to let you go !
If you find one let me know where and if she has a sister .
Be sure that he knows , you like him , but do n't be stupid ( ! )
You will know and if you are young YOU BOTH have your hole life in front of you ! !
Do something really rude to the guy ( not to yourself )
Uhhhh . no because way 2 much of an age difference DDDDUUUUUUHHHHHHH ! ! !
Too bad you do n't live in New England about 400 years ago .
I just do not want my kids in a shelter .
Hey my e-mail is pyro_97531 @ yahoo.com are you really gon na e-mail me
Please , once you find out , tell my wife !
Or are you a non-Mormon trying to find others like yourself ?
Relax . oh , make sure the guy wears a condom .
Play a game on Yahoo Games .
If not I would say you really do n't have much to loose , obviously you are not that happy .
Depends on how old you are !
But guys and girls CAN be friends without the sexual attraction .
I ca n't win no matter which way i turn .
I get upset if I ask for a candy bar and he asks what kind . lol ! !
Us guys are dense sometimes ( well ok most of the time ) .
Give HIM A PEDICURE OR FEED HIM SOMETHING SEXY GET ZANE BOOK
First , you kick him to the curb .
As often as you want , without going broke .
She said she hated me for awhile .
I got ta be the worse daughter .
Ai n't nothng more then a man like then some good sex
There is no rule book when it comes to love !
Love is right or wrong in life
I just ca n't . ( rubs forehead ) . understand the way my own gender rationalizes things sometimes .
Go to your nearest military post/base !
Same way you survive a cold , plenty of rest , and juice
Maybe you should take some time to grow up .
It takes time to forget someone .
When you do not have to ask .
Maybe he/she looks like a bird house ^_^
Plz help he 20 years old
If she really likes you , she wo n't care how much you spend , and b . )
Do n't use a pick up line on a woman .
I 'm gon na need more details to decide that .
If you do n't know either of them I say keep quiet .
Stop and look at the situation ! !
Sometimes she misses me like Crazy ?
Well it depends where you want the meat .
Good answer , deffintly shows her that you care , but do n't act upsessed .
I take it you mean the two of you used to be together and now your not .
That Is how i am gon na break it to you .
Not only am I slim , smart and foxy , I HAVE A ST.BERNARD THAT SPEAKS FRENCH ! !
Girls love that kind of a guy .
But that is to be expected and is a good thing .
Love implies respect , but if you cheat you respect neither her nor you .
Also , just try talking to him more , especially if you guys have some interests common . good luck : )
Be friendly keep you are mouth shut and be a strong and silent dude
If this person is a life long acquaintence then no doubt .
Women are the deep dark devils of this world .
Honey , not all women are like that .
Actually i think they should always pick up the tab maybe that is just a southern thing
He 's the word of your mouth
2. yes he is especialy if she asks him to stop and he does not .
For guys it 's really important to look good .
Yell at the dog , love tha grrrs !
If you ask Should I dump my boyfriend ?
But my x-b/f cheated on me !
Cus people like to see others miserable when they are
If you are asking am I a 100 % perfect son ? -yes & no .
Ofcorse its true girls are all ways trying to test thier men to see if thier seeing another woman .
He will never say that again .
Take her to a clothes store and ask the assistant for the fatass section
Tell her before he does some serious damage
Do things yourself for you until he is ready .
I never make the 1st move . i need to fight to keep women away from me .
My dad is always supportive no matter what .
We love corny stuff , so do n't worry that it 's too weird .
because they both sex fiends . basically whoever they see that they like . they will hump . that is why .
Love is a very deep word so is hate .
How can a shy guy start making girlfriend
And willing to meet her half way !
Do Not try it unless you have meet this person because anything could happen over the internet
Horn dog . my fantisy is two guys and me
I herad that green is the horny color !
Elijah wood because he has amazing eye 's !
Promise him you wo n't tell your mom or dad and if you have to , earn his trust .
Get a girlfriend and try with her .
You got to love to hate , and so on .
My sister did that a lot too .
Even if you do n't believe in God you can still read it .
If YOU GET SLAPPED , SHE IS NOT INTERESTED ELSE URS ASH .
And your girlfriend/boyfriend knows you  are that type then its not cheating .
It is about interacting with the person you love
Maybe she sobered up and realised you were ugly when she was n't drunk * wink *
. I am no longer my own but yours .
If you have to ask how do you know , you are not .
: ) actually , honesty is the best way .
That Is some bull , she is getting waxed every night homeboy .
Do n't ask for forgiveness , women do n't forgive .
You make your own decisions just do not worry about it
And you  would get more agitated if they persisted .
Then , you e-mail me so we can talk .
Two outta three are not bad , little cuzin : - )
He 's got a problem , same thing happens to me even after one beer , I know what a wuse ! !
If I just like boinking you and you like boinking me then it all about the boinking ai n't it ?
I have met 2 guys online and they both went down hill
He will look at you a lot .
It happens , once in a life time , twice if you are lucky .
Only if you get his wife 's permission first .
If she ca n't skate , it 's even better .
Heck , I do n't even think one can even SPELL <
Sexiness is juz a thing that can help the person you love tobecome more inlove with you .
So what if she does n't look like a runway model ?
Maybe start walking with her daily .
Ask for it very nicely or give her foreplay so good she will beg you for it
People always like dreams than reality is it not ?
Guy can also play with girl feelings if he is inteligent
I want a person that I can trust .
How bad does she want sex ?
Oh and never make her pay the bill lol [ jk ]
When you always think that person
Damn that could have bein me .
You can always do fall colors ( lead with red but also oranges , yellows , browns , etc ) .
Does he find ways to always touch you ?
If she is hanging with them alot , she might be trying to make you jealous .
If you are in love you know it , if not you know it .
If you asked when , I say never . but then you  are asking how . you have to pay i guess
I found true love and I hate being away from him .
As for the yahoo ad . WHO CARES ! ! ! ? ?
Girl , you are like flour . I knead you .
If it does n't work out , you  are not out alot of dough .
Once a cheater always a cheater
Try to make it a fancy restaurant .
That IS ALL THAT IS OUT THERE ARE STUPID GUYS .
But it does not have to be as great and pretty as you are dinner .
It 's like asking why do we hate .
Because if a man treats me bad he can kiss well you know .
The best would be to move on . it is n't always easy .
If it does , I would like to know it myself !
I think that will be cool !
You got ta make a tough call .
What is it with guys and breasts ?
Its better not to do it .
Even saying somthing in the wrong tone .
Or just send him a note on a holiday !
Be glad hes being honest with you and tellin you instead of cheatin on you .
Its like being in love with love .
You  are best and only girl friend should be your wife .
Fighting for freedom and yet the one person they should trust stabs them in the back !
New love equals new life . Even friends and families love can help a little ; )
Just jokingly , but that 's just me .
I think i 've seen it on t.v .
This boy is my worst enemy , but he has the biggest crush on me ever !
I would hes got some issues behind that . he should not be leaving his underwear around and real men were boxers
It could also be not his sexule preff you might do the mature thing and privatly ask him .
It  will make you look like a devil worshipper or something !
And do not forget to keep eye contact !
And when you see him you will know .
Just show him what you really fell be honest .
Goodluck and remember it is a NEW YEAR make it a good one !
Well if he is just now getting his Divorce then he was NOT YOUR man .
I am currently waiting and i am a guy .
Do n't know never had ruff sex !
Or black dresses with deep red flowers - depends on how casual or formal your wedding is .
Lol . so yeah . size matters , but it do n't have to be huge , just atleast average !
( work , play , education , whatever you do ) .
2-always be ready to try something new 3-spend more time together . go on dates
I really do n't want surgery but I 'm at my wit 's end .
If you know the guy is being abusive .
Having your fav icecream or candy avail is always sexy and tasty .
Love is crazy . and I LOVE IT !
A little more than a friend but with a whole lot less meaning .
A kind compliment . taking her to lunch . doing things that show her exactly how much you love her .
( and you know what i mean ) .
Never have ONLY ONE girl spinning .
And it 's not like they are ALL THAT .
Browse yahoo personals . that 's where I met my husband .
Because we did n't try being married
No because women do n't appriciate a man just taking care of her .
That Is the different in life between men and women .
And then get mad when you do n't want nothing more to do with them ?
He is the one who screwed up . kill it , its not love . its you are ego .
If he 's messing around behind your back , and you do n't like it , just dump him .
Sweetie , you cannot be in love with someone you do n't know .
Stayed friends -that is all- for 6years .
By expressing you are 'communications ' with another 'miss ' : )
They MUST HAVE SOMETING GOING ON !
Maybe you have just bored him to death
When kissing breath hard and bit there lip gently
I do not know . if classmates does not work then i do not know .
Married and with a beutiful 2 year old .
Well , you know how it is with guys wanting to stay on top of it all , right ?
This works pretty good to ( she wo n't think your player ) .
As you grow up date many girls and get lots of experience , Good Luck ! !
I know if a woman climaxes with me , she probably was n't with me .
But it 's bad if you go too fast .
By NOW YOU KNOW THAT CHICKS DIG TALKING . SO , GOOD LUCK !
( I 'm still the horny guy she married ) : - (
Now once they conquared one , they move on to conquar another .
If HE RETURNS , THEN HE  WILL STAY 4 EVER .
Make it romantic , unless you know full well she DOES NOT like romantic things .
Even if other people feel it is wrong who cares about them ?
A bundle kisses with red rosees .
Someone to insist , to come along with during my life .
What happens if you get caught ?
I have tried everything because i am very sexual .
I Am more sexual then my husband .
Ask yourself : does he look at you differently than your other guy friends ?
You Are lucky that you r evn friends .
Well its you are fault in the first place .
Coming from a guy he probably has someone else and is using you as a friend w./ benefits
I would have to say YES ! !
Love does not have an age minimum !
Haha Talk to your husband , do n't cheat .
For woman to do rather than men ! .
I would take my wife out every other week .
( although that 's good , too ! )
I THINK THAT PUTS A WOMAN IN A POSITION TO RECEIVE A LOT OF CRITICISM
Man is Jesse MCcartney , and girl is Britany spears .
( as much as I would want my gal to be that special )
Smart girls are fun to hang out with . Smart girls are sexy .
Get dressed up and go to a nice place and see how he reacts .
Do n't do things that you dislike just to impress a girl .
Worse . because the courts would be full of couples gettin divorced .
K . we get the fresh breath thing .
And I care about him a lot . and I cheated on Darryl with Lou .
Because he 's getting mad at me because I make more
Its ok , becouse the older girls have more experience in sex and they can better satisfy you .
You never really know what is going to happen unless you try .
All you have to do is look !
That but I hope you good luck .
You could just smell his dick .
Do n't forget , women go grey too !
Not right then , but after a few days .
Well , do not tell her to get over herself ! ! !
It worked for me ( I got her phone number ) then asked her out .
Good for him , but are n't you going to be there ? ?
There are many things that bother you. so try to bother them . love is jus one among many ! ! !
Colors i would avoid - pinks , purples , pastels .
Otherwise GO ON THE WEBSITE THAT HE IS ON AND REPORT HIM AS AN ABUSER .
There got to be a lot of guys out there who woes her .
I found mine . it just took the courage to leave & believe I deserved better !
You might have to look for larger built women .
I do not really know but that sucks .
Aww dang I knew I forgot to do something !
Good Luck . I think women are smarter than that . LOL
Some like it big , some like it small and some even like both .
Umm maybe expensive drink for having good time
Do the rings bearers walk before the flower girls ?
Maybe when the children are old enough to be a ring bearer/flower girl
I hear some people play sport on weekends though .
Black men are beautiful . Keep trying I 'm sure all women in MN are not like that .
I still love him but i dotn show it .
I told her she and he was full of it .
You should be enjoying it too !
Not all men but some do .
Some win and some lose , yet it is how you deal with it that matters
I do n't think it stands for anything .
Who told you that men do n't look for a relationship ?
If he loves you so much that wo n't matter .
Some women are just that way .
But i was so flattered by this youger womans advances my physical will power just was not there .
Depends if your a jerk to them quess .
( I , guessing that is what you had in mind ? )
Yea . you should ask her out . and since you are already friends . there is a WAY better chance that she will say yes .
So everything you listed , if you mean a glance as in lust .
Do all of us a favor , though . TAKE THIS PERSON DOWN !
But never give a lady yellow roses-those are for your sick grandmother !
And how do i tell my viego ?
So anyways this guy tried kissing me .
To some it is like scotch whiskey . you have to develop a taste for it .
Cuz he wants too look at you are ass and he doesn ; t like you 4 who you are .
And why would I want a GIRL to be my BOYFRIEND ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ! ! ! ! ! !
Is she willing to come to me ?
Depending on who she is , she might like some other stuff .
Your self esteam can not be that low .
Keep you are hair combed an look people in the eye .
Though after a while she really needs to have a good personality .
If you are a teen ager go to a predominantly black high school .
No , unless you count what was in my thoughts .
A sad Christmas . like if you  are not with your loved ones .
Rip the band-aid off , as they say .
And on the other hand a slim with over sized does not look impressive .
For pregnant woman . it helps them alot because it makes it easier to have there baby .
Maybe he wants to cool things down a bit .
Does he ever say I love you without you saying it first ?
Do n't mess with things if he has a girlfriend .
But DEFINITELY call him and tell him immediately that this is bothering you !
Maybe a holiday kiss would do ?
Otherwise , just buy lotion , perfume , or body wash stuff like from victoria secret . every girl likes that ! ! !
If I love her then I do not want anyone else really .
We  are not complicated . were just beyond you are knowledge of understanding !
This man is all about himself !
You would n't want to be branded as a racist , right ?
Otherwise , just buy lotion , perfume , or body wash stuff like from victoria secret . every girl likes that ! ! !
If I love her then I do not want anyone else really .
We  are not complicated . were just beyond you are knowledge of understanding !
This man is all about himself !
You would n't want to be branded as a racist , right ?
I know exactly what you mean about the black guys .
If YOU THINK HE 'S CHEATING HE PROBABLY IS .
But one thing to remember is that you get what you pay for !
You must be one hot guy .
Now that song will be in my head all day ! !
I Am talking about that emotional bull crap .
As soon as he knocks someone up it 's over .
Eat light drink a little smile and sleep then you  will dream of this woman
If you really love her , you should stay strong .
If you are a mature person just ask him .
Yeah , sorta what Fallon Chambers said .
Haha , yea if they are pot heads : -D
If SHE DOES NOT KNOW YOU THEN WHY DO NOT YOU TELL HER WHO YOU ARE ?
Do n't ever lose hope because they are just around .
I HOPE SO : ) IAM NOT THAT OLD IAM ONLY 21 .
People cheat for all different reasons . some still love their partner but just ca n't seem to stop sleeping around .
She went off on me saying that i lied .
Excuse me , it sounds like she needs to get rid of you , that is B.S .
There 's lots of good women men just tend to over look them .
Wife OR CHILD BEATING IS REPULSIVE AND HAS TO BE DEALT WITH .
. if you  are the single guy she 's complaining to , well - this all sounds great .
He did n't really care for you and he finally found his way out .
Do n't feel akeward not talking . they are just being sad and thankful that your there with them .
I Am not talking about gifts here .
That means that Bob 's friends can not ask you out , or date you ( even if YOU chase them ) .
Not if you keep looking under the couch
If a man is too big , it freakin hurts !
You have to walk into it like you have nothing to lose !
If they are mean , they might hate you forever .
Just cuz they  are a guy does n't make them obsessed .
You do n't have committment problems , you just have n't found a guy that is on your level .
YOU HAVE TO ROAM OUT SIDE YOU CANNOT FIND ANY 1 SITTING IN YOU ARE HOME
And are they willing to change .
Trust me , I 've met a LOT of girls off of the internet .
Like when you want her to be you gf
Only you can ever know what your dreams mean .
In case of guys , guys like big ( er ) breasts .
If true love existed why do so many soldiers cheat and get cheated on ?
YOU can buy perfume for him or you can ask him what he likes
If they like each other.NO PROBLEM
Make sure you are completely shaved ( NO STUBBLE ! )
Do n't date dumb or evil women and you  are golden .
( you do want her married to a nice man , right ? )
It means she wants to go to a friggin movie !
Ofcourse , you take care of how you look .
Well , first of all , do not have sex with him anymore , act cold .
And actually , figured out that you really do love your man .
A Husband , a Boyfriend , that can provide & support her . SEXUALLY & FINANCIALY !
For a dear lover , get her lylacs or johnson grass or something like that .
YOU can never rush or ever have 2 feel obligated 2 .
It 's OK to seperate the two .
I have no friends male or female cuz he do n't trust them .
In short it 's all about self confidence .
Well short answer : I think I did obay my parents !
But lots are and if he was cheating then he 's not worth jack
That way you will not be alone in this .
Yes most of the boys always have sex on thier minds .
They do not know how to get there feelings across without . acting like a little child
That 's what I want in a man !
If you would then try asking him to dinner .
And on the other hand you know you are husband well .
Well . You will have to ask alot of people . and get alot of different answers .
But she sat and thought about how things could be if i had never told her .
But really , and i know this sounds bad , but it is depending on your man 's SIZE .
Omg that makes me pissed . i myself have dated a black guy and there is NOTHING wrong with it !
Yes there are many but all guys are not the same the best thing to do is ask them
I found my love . but i wan na know what people think love is .
Ok i 've struck out many times by doin ' this .
So LOOK WHAT I 'M DOING NOW ? ?
I never talked about hers but she did a lot with mine .
Sensitive guys have trouble approaching girls so fewer of them have girlfriends .
So what is there to be worried about ?
Or maybe you need to take more baths ?
I do miss him though . i miss how he used to hold me n never leave my side .
If you just want to have sex go for it , but if you want something more !
I love him but I know I desrve better .
Some guys go through with it , some guys do n't .
Honey , baby , sweetheart . you are being played . BAD !
Just do not do it its a stupid thing to do and everyone gets hurt and offended .
Or I 'm kissing you , not him , so shut up already .
Sometimes I go off just because I hear my wife getting into it .
And how you project that to girls .
Classic red dresses with mango calla lillies as flowers .
Does he do things you ask him to do without the expectation of him actually doing it ?
But do n't overdo it , the brooding thing I mean .
It never hurts to just ask him to hang out
Just depends on the dude actually
You just start hanging out , spending time together .
Some people are worth sacrificing everything for . others are n't .
Becuase he wants to smell what you had for dinner . if you are smart enough to figure that one out
Is it true the once friendship becomes more , it is hard to go back being just friends ? ? ?
Its like he wants a no strings relationship .
Where as on online you can say what ever you feel withou inhibitions .
Why is when you get married woman want to start comming on to you. what is that all about .
Aka : have fun with other men .
Start exerising , ex 's hate to see the ones they dumped looking good .
I mean , you are not the town gossip for nothing .
Your a man now and you want a woman to keep you warm .
Tell SOMEONE SO IT DOES N'T KEEP HAPENING ! !
You guys are bitchs , wat is so bad about her writing ?
16 for girls , 17 for boys .
White guys do n't even LOOK at me anymore .
Its not the love that is doing the hurting . its the person you are expecting it from
But everyone is different and it 's something yuo have to discuss with her .
Woman do n't play with mens ' feelings . men just do n't listen .
Rent her it 's cheaper on your soul !
YOU could call him up to c how hes doing
Its also the pride thing , he will not let you have your way . ever .
For a good name is foxy , that make a person feel sexy .
What is it with guys and breasts ?
You  would be getting a lot of reply that would say : why do men cheat ?
Good q , good ans so far .
You are gon na leave him ) and they got ta make you wan na stay !
He has to spend all his time caring for his child now .
If you ask me for you to say that you need excitement . are you fulfilling your wife 's needs ? ?
Dress nice but not sexy at first .
Atleaset twice a month the rest of the time we both make dinner or go to a friends house
Just go with the flow when you are talking 2 the preson you like or love .
Flirt with the cutest guy in the room
Then if non of these are it sit down and talk to her .
You can buy condoms basically anywhere .
Tell her friend and more then likly her friend will blab to her .
First off non-bitches girls who are not into themselves prudeness or ( self control ) honesty non judgmental easy going
What exacly is it any way ?
Because girls often do n't know what they want .
Because is all about a mind connection . and the comunication problem is solved . is a more free .
We were assoc at my job and i knew him well before he approached me w/this .
What exacly is it any way ?
Because girls often do n't know what they want .
Because is all about a mind connection . and the comunication problem is solved . is a more free .
- When you get the courage to ask some girl .
We were assoc at my job and i knew him well before he approached me w/this .
Now we do n't have much time .
Because they r the people with more money .
Just rent a girly porn movie !
Do n't believe his crap for a second .
Go direcltly and talk . afterall there is always a first time when you talk to a person
Sorry i could not help much
Seemed to be interested , but how do i know ?
Love is something that worths running all life after and die for .
And he said bye and hung up .
I mean , was it an affair ( i.e .
What the hell is wrong with people ? ? ? ? ! !
Take it from a chick . i know these things
Suicide yourself after askin you are wife hehe : )
Do Not listen to them GO FIND HER and make hot sexy love to her that is what she wants !
In the end , is it really worth seeing things like I am ?
Yeah guys are really strange are n't we ?
If you have to ask , then you are not ! !
Lol , What would be wrong with that ?
3. does he truely love you for who you are ?
If he has trouble getting a job there , has family here he does n't want to leave , etc .
Yeah guys are really strange are n't we ?
If you have to ask , then you are not ! !
Lol , What would be wrong with that ?
3. does he truely love you for who you are ?
And BELEIVE ME SHE WOULD HAVE NOTHING TO SMILE ABOUT ANY MORE AFTER I DO .
Give yourself time to get over him and get on with your life .
I feel like I do not want to be with anyone else .
( and I say that meaning no offense . )
Once a cheater , always a cheater .
Well the moral issues should n't be a problem .
Yes but its really what is on the inside that counts
Try this have him be the house dad and you work .
I prefer Blondy with a brunette redhead
That Is THE BEST THING YOU CAN DO FOR HIM RIGHT NOW .
It 's just people , grrs & boyz .
And who knows , If you like it , try it .
Whta is the right words that i should say to this kind of man ?
But he has to make his own mistakes .
Kids have a funny way of picking up on things that are going on .
Well . mom always taught me to never get mixed up with a girl who already had kids .
Men think that love = sex and some men are not comfortable with that .
I let a guy know and leave the rest up to him .
I think she 's using you for you are dick and likes women .
Or is it true once a cheater always a cheater ?
The website NewFriends4U.com is a good start though
Just BE THERE FOR HIM AND GIVE HIM YOUR SUPPORT .
Do Not waste time with a girl who is basically playing you .
Get some gift for her which she really likes in her life .
Or is it true once a cheater always a cheater ?
The website NewFriends4U.com is a good start though
Just BE THERE FOR HIM AND GIVE HIM YOUR SUPPORT .
Do Not waste time with a girl who is basically playing you .
Get some gift for her which she really likes in her life .
I 'm sure you  will find someone more worth talking to anyway !
Ask , what does the other person have that I do n't ?
You do not , they tell you they are
If YOU want YOU can mail me also
Now i am trying to become friends with the new kid what should i do ?
But . that is just what guys do .
YOU will not be dating HER .
Go , hug him/her , and say . i love you darling .
I want him back but i do not know how to ask .
Feed him Italian food , get him slightly inebriated , take him where * you * wan na go .
Does he seemkind of controlling if he wants to do all this ? ?
If it ever happened again leave & do not look back .
Tell her what your hopes and dreams are for the two of you in the future .
Could be a whole host of things !
I think you can flirt unintentionally , but if its purposfully i thinks not ok !
You just know , it feels right .
We ONLY HAVE ENOUGH BLOOD TO WORK ONE HEAD AT A TIME
YOU should try touching her or hug her a little more ! ! !
If she blows you off without a chance , chances are she is n't worth is anyway .
I do not know , but i really do not like them .
I do not think so . its really all the same
That Is ok relationships fail and you get some experience for when you try again .
Becaue you see you are self wise and never be mistake
You All NEED TO SIT DOWN AND REALLY TALK ABOUT IT .
A promise ring does n't fix anything up for real . keep tryin Best of luck
Anywhere that is fits the mood . want it . do it !
The woman and ex brother in-law were freinds growing up in school .
She has her child alive and for money she lies that her son is dead .
And remember to write it down this time !
My best friend is a girl .
Anywhere that is fits the mood . want it . do it !
The woman and ex brother in-law were freinds growing up in school .
She has her child alive and for money she lies that her son is dead .
And remember to write it down this time !
My best friend is a girl .
My wife is driving me crazy .
A guy wrot this it shoul make you think .
Just remember it takes two to play tango
Not totaly committed . meaning your having an affair ?
If he is a guy , he has been thinking about sleeping with you for 5 or 6 years .
Act supercool do not play hard to get .
There are ways around a cheating husband ; believe me I KNOW !
I Am SOOO . in love with this guy but what should i do ? ? ?
I do n't know why women get with guys that treat them like crap .
This year I am asking everyone to by me household things like lumber . drywall . etc . how old is he ?
Tell him you like him and hope that he likes you too
Women on the other hand only reach their sexual peak at a much later age .
My wife and i were married this month after meeting online .
Try using pillows ( under her butt ) .
Because they look prettier than girls when they try .
When the age difference makes the relationship illegal !
: P And i am not even one of those overbaring and controling guys .
The love of parents esp mother is the 'real ' thing . so what is that about ? ?
Because mostly use yahoo for chat purpose .
Then I do n't go back there again .
They ca n't get that if a man makes too little money .
Feelin ' guilty about it so jus follow you are instinct , ok. good luck.Another thing , that prob .
But I have to agree , they are not men , they are still boys !
Do I diserve you are love ? ?
Same difference . Do n't believe it , it 's BS .
Look if you are like most people you really do n't have the money to spend anyway .
Forget him if he does not love you .
It matters wat your lover thinks .
Most likely she is n't in to you .
Love is not lust but it sure does bring it on .
I would be happy to pray for you consistenly ! ! !
If you  are happy and do n't want the tax breaks for kids , etc .
And last but sertanly not least has to love God !
If you are doing it because you feel pressured or something like that , run the other way !
Having some control is good , but too much is BAD !
If you are a guy the you are gross .
Any way , Who cares I would like you any way even if it was past your sholders ! !
Yes i think it is wrong .
I 've been in a situation like this before .
Your girlfriend would be upset too if you had a girl pick you up !
Because most hot girls are idiots and just do n't know it yet
My advice is to cool it and try to stay with one .
So you also doing like that to me .
Personaly I would say though . BALD AND PROUD !
Sounds weird if you take it serious
Now i have a very nice husband of 13 yrs ! ! ! ! !
So you also doing like that to me .
Personaly I would say though . BALD AND PROUD !
Sounds weird if you take it serious
Not someone else , even if ther worth it .
Now i have a very nice husband of 13 yrs ! ! ! ! !
It 's the only thing that you know is going to happen in your life for sure
Now i feel like were not friends any more .
Girls want that challenge that is the same for a guy too .
Then yes , we ai n't gon na get it .
It 's the only thing that you know is going to happen in your life for sure
Now i feel like were not friends any more .
He said 6 i said an hour he said a month .
Girls want that challenge that is the same for a guy too .
Then yes , we ai n't gon na get it .
No you cannot make anyone do anything that do not want to do
But i suggest you to keep you are love in you are heart and atleast live happily for you are family .
I was looking at a guy in my class .
If they come back to you it 's meant to be !
Some guys do n't like people rushing them .
Lots and lots and lots of hard work .
No you can not cuz its not stong enough s p r e m
( If you could , I would 've by now )
I 'm not happy , everything i try to achieve looks impossible .
If he cheats once , he will surely cheat again .
You KNOW YOU GO TO A PARTY AND WE YOU START TO DANCE WITH THEM .
Does he talk bad about his ex ?
My boyfriend of 3 1/2 years cheated .
And I do n't mean hair and eyebrows .
A gurl should like you for being who you are .
All i would have to say is something nice , pretty , and say that you like her alot .
So , that is why they cannot profit from it .
Doews he want to be w/ me or are these hints to back off ?
Walk up to her and say Hi , I 'm so and so .
You met him/her first , made friends with him/her .
Oh , and do n't go crazy like Anna Nicole Smith ; ) haha .
I soppose you care about her , dont you .
Take it and run with it . he is n't for you unless you like selfish men .
I mean , i know you are supposed to ply them with boone 's farm .
Why are you in the middle ?
Oh , and do n't go crazy like Anna Nicole Smith ; ) haha .
I soppose you care about her , dont you .
Take it and run with it . he is n't for you unless you like selfish men .
I mean , i know you are supposed to ply them with boone 's farm .
Why are you in the middle ?
I never got to tell him exactly how I felt .
For sex , fat girls will do just about anything you ask , sexual depravity know no bounds .
Not just for yourself but for the children too .
He does n't want me to go back .
Well you have to let them know you  are interested either by telling them or flirting with them .
Because alot of girls now a days want to be wild , or they want your money lol .
And SOMETIMES KIDS ARE WANT THEIR PARENTS TO STAY 2GETHER
You do n't know because you do n't see what 's wrong with you .
You can flirt with me anytime lol
Do n't let the spirit of embarrasment to over shadow you , talk it out !
Because alot of girls now a days want to be wild , or they want your money lol .
You do n't know because you do n't see what 's wrong with you .
You can flirt with me anytime lol
Till the time they feel to get rid of each other
I think i miss that same party lifestyle but having never had it i am not sure what i am missing .
I asked him if he liked it and fortunately he did .
Movie tickets + popcorn and drinks for 2
The other person climaxes or stops too soon ?
I think i miss that same party lifestyle but having never had it i am not sure what i am missing .
I asked him if he liked it and fortunately he did .
Cheating IS DANGEROUS AND IF YOU STAY HE  WILL KNOW THAT HE CAN KEEP DOING IT
You are young and will find someone else because you sound like a good , descent person .
If she says it 's cool , it 's cool .
He talks to me alot but i do not know what to think
Well just talk to her and tell her there is nothing bad in having an orgasm .
Men . SEX and only sex . no room for anything else !
Always be gentle , unless she likes it otherwise .
Girls , like guys , want what they ca n't have .
So what you need to do is to tell him exactly how you feel - because he might not know .
Find me with a foreign especially American girl friend .
And that is something that will never change no matter what .
I THINK THAT YOU SHOULD MEET NEW GUYS .
Last monday , she said me she was very sick .
That said , sexuality is not as ridgid as people think it is .
If you  are not willing to discuss it with her , I guess you  will just have to forgive her .
( even if only in their own eyes : )
Liz gave you a very good answer
If we did , you would be cooking right now and not on the internet asking dumb questions !
Because the only two are gay .
Well what do you want to do ?
Jus to cover d gals . they jus show am havin lots of money . simple
: ) Ask about his life , etc
2. then you counsult doctor for testube baby .
Its SO HARD WHEN YOU WEAR YOUR HEART ON YOUR SLEEVE .
Know something it 's great to be married & there is a person to share your feelings , love , pain etc .
Even if this is your own mother !
Good luck and i hope i helped ! !
And give him a friendly little peck on the lips .
At least 16 or possibley older ?
Ask her if just being friends online or on the phone is ok , as a friend .
Once again , I do not mean to offend anyone .
L need someone in my life
I think its because you can help others better than you can help yourselves .
YOU CAN LOVE ALOT OF PEOPLE BUT YOU CAN ONLY FALL IN LOVE ONCE
At first it like you are floating on clouds and you only see the good things about him/her .
There no way to tell asking just that question .
Does n't really matter what its the thought that counts
Who knows maybe he  will end up liking your best friend that thinks she 's so hot .
Do n't try to guess her feelings .
Of course , you got to do it right , you know .
Keep in mind meaness is often from insecurity .
To me I do not get it .
Marriage vows state that husbands come first . period . you know what you got ta do , so do it .
You CAN CERTAINLY FORGIVE , BUT THE HELL IF YOU CAN FORGET
Now I am in 8th grade and he is a sophomore in HS .
I have heard Dr Drew on Love line talk about this one a lot
And i like nice nerdy girls .
For one , props to what Richard said up there .
If he is having sexual problems he should be talking to you about it , not that other woman .
Has he ever lied to you , even about little things ?
Wow honestly that si your decission but yeah . it depends on how far you love her ? ?
I think you better give room to those who love you very much then you love some1 .
Maybe he thinks you are a freak or desperate for trying to find true love on the internet
Plant a bug on his bedroom
N i just do not know whether he ll ever be my guy or not ! !
So do not waste your time on a woman , move on to another .
Hair is what makes a man sexy .
But if it really bothers you , just talk tohim
Sorry is hardest word but gudbye is the very difficult
Will if you give her what she want you know take her out to a movies , restrarant , hotel and you know .
Take just as much as you give
So I  would just do whatever I want .
E-mail ME IAM MARRIED : ) JAZMIN_LUCIFER @ YAHOO.COM MAKE SURE THAT YOU ASK SOMETING
Over 20 , SHE IS WAS OR IS A PROFESSIONAL WH * * *
Or is he just fooling me ?
I do not play mind games but I see some dudes play them and think that they are just dumb .
Who does not long for physical anyway . the key thing there is TRUST !
It really does n't have to be this deep , ya know !
Over 20 , SHE IS WAS OR IS A PROFESSIONAL WH * * *
Or is he just fooling me ?
I do not play mind games but I see some dudes play them and think that they are just dumb .
Who does not long for physical anyway . the key thing there is TRUST !
It really does n't have to be this deep , ya know !
12 is way too young and when your 12 you might not see that .
( i 'm still in High skool ) . ~ thanx ~
Get out before you do something stupid .
My wife is 30 and I 'm 38 .
Yes , although it depends he might get jelous
This wud make you sooo mysterious to us and we go crazy wondering what 's on your mind .
Why dear you do not see mom dad love you
I doubt he lost it or else he would go purchase another one for you . think about it please .
It  will get old for her 2 .
Now Iam In situatation of do or Die
Kick his SORRY you know what to the curb !
If the guy just had lust for you he will not even feel a pinch of pain .
0 % It 's not cheating if its in a different zip code !
Cuz not all of us are like that when we  are young .
Mbleditor - 2/27/2003 8:13:42 PM Fantasy place to have sex ?
Her intensions are not good if she is doing that .
Or you could get him something that he enjoys , like some gourmet coffee .
Why is he a jerk , or why does not he like them ?
And if he really loved you , he would n't without good reason .
Mbleditor - 2/27/2003 8:13:42 PM Fantasy place to have sex ?
Her intensions are not good if she is doing that .
Or you could get him something that he enjoys , like some gourmet coffee .
Why is he a jerk , or why does not he like them ?
And if he really loved you , he would n't without good reason .
Honestly WE LOVE EACHOTHER BUT WE ARE NOT COMPARTIBLE HEALTH WISE .
Give your man good oral lafter a chick flick , and he will always go !
You may miss the paradise you let behind you !
Try U2 cds , that is what I got : )
It mean you did not finish what you planned on with him .
Honestly WE LOVE EACHOTHER BUT WE ARE NOT COMPARTIBLE HEALTH WISE .
Give your man good oral lafter a chick flick , and he will always go !
You may miss the paradise you let behind you !
Try U2 cds , that is what I got : )
It mean you did not finish what you planned on with him .
It seems like if he said do not go that you would not have gone .
Forget that girl and get a better one .
YOU miss him and still have a crush on him .
But above all , love is something that keeps life going .
Try Yahoo personal since you are a yahoo member already .
Chance is , if you belive she is , then she probably is ?
She was 23 and you were 52 when you got married .
) .almost everybody knows- dat girl is BAD .
She is stil the same girl .
I just think that men and women are equals .
Just be the kindest parent to the kid
It may or may not help
13 was too young for me .
Just come out and say it .
Do n't cheapen it with pick up lines , and act , or anything else .
Do Not worry some is loving you then you love this girl .
So i want to have fun and do crazy stuff cannot do that with kids .
Do n't you remember your own date of marriage ? ?
My heart wants too but my head says not too .
Do Not think you can , i am sorry
I think I Am cute . but i 'm not out of the closet .
Why would you have to call first ?
But first if your husband does not know - tell him - if he does tell him anyways .
Unless the guy does n't want you to .
Not all love is meant to be
I feel horrible , but I do n't want to go back into this relationship , but I really feel heartbroken . advice ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
And it depends on how old you are .
I like take him to whatever lookz like fun in town .
Let romance take its course . it does still work !
It hurts . because it 's our fault , guys I mean .
I feel horrible , but I do n't want to go back into this relationship , but I really feel heartbroken . advice ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
And it depends on how old you are .
I like take him to whatever lookz like fun in town .
Let romance take its course . it does still work !
It hurts . because it 's our fault , guys I mean .
And you  will know when you are ready !
Basically , be carefull , & do n't let him & # 92 ; her interupt your work duties & you SHOULD be fine .
The key her is practice and get confidence so that you don  t mess up with the one you want .
There is n't one answer to this question .
So I just do n't do it .
And you  will know when you are ready !
Basically , be carefull , & do n't let him & # 92 ; her interupt your work duties & you SHOULD be fine .
The key her is practice and get confidence so that you don  t mess up with the one you want .
There is n't one answer to this question .
So I just do n't do it .
The rhythm is not quite right for you ?
No , if it 's not a good date , no need to kiss .
Ask him to marry you - see what happens !
To hell with that . put your faith in yourself . seek what you desire and demand reciprocity .
Once a cheat , always a cheat !
You do not have to be married to make a family for your kids . if the dad will still stick around .
Or he may act like he love your kids just to screw you and go on his merry way .
Try to convince her that you are not going to cheat her daughter .
So you need to put out better or do better acts and he wil llike you better
Check IT OUT WITH YOU DOC
The side of your personality your boys will never see
Surprises never seem to work out !
I like a girl touching me .
Its actually good to do that .
Men SHOULD BE RUGGED , STRONG MEN .
Torn between two lovers ? Feeling like a fool ? Loving both of them is breaking all the rules !
If you really like her alot but first you might want to check her looks
Well , if he ca n't let go , then you have to let him go .
Because THAT HAVE N'T MADE UP THEIR MINDS YET .
They do n't sleep with EVERY guy .
Torn between two lovers ? Feeling like a fool ? Loving both of them is breaking all the rules !
If you really like her alot but first you might want to check her looks
Well , if he ca n't let go , then you have to let him go .
Because THAT HAVE N'T MADE UP THEIR MINDS YET .
They do n't sleep with EVERY guy .
I did not get a chance to say good bye please anybody help me .
Just another random person with some usefull advice
He probably wants to buy you out with money .
Well I CAN RELATE TO THAT .
Go all the way but do n't blow your load on one girl .
Thanks for your advice to my vacation question ! ! !
Most defenitely you are not asking for too much .
They should be up by 12/16/2005
And with most guys they cannot tell exactly when there about to come no way .
If you are my student . um . call me ?
You blew it with this one .
It is just nations arguing ( ? )
Or your Mom asks at Christmas dinner .
If you are a chick and dig chicks
Try to tell her what the other things that concern you about marrying him .
Oh , and if you can cook .
Well this is a it depends matter .
Have Not been there but dude its been 3 months already .
Females from other black seem to love . HUH ? ?
Should i talk to him , or see if he talks to me ?
If he would hurt you that deeply twice in one life time , that is too much !
I just have to ask this , Because I have to know !
Tell her i like you more than a friend , i love you will you except my proposal ?
Do n't let go of hope , Hope gives you the strength to keep you going !
This is a frequently asked question on Y !
They will then tell you !
- plus have you thought about your HEALTH ? ? ?
I like this guy at work a lot .
Then sometimes she will show what you are missing . like maybe bend over so you can see her butt or something .
Then DO N'T F * * K AROUND WITH SOMEONE TO WHOM YOU ARE NOT MARRIED ! !
If she 's not the right girl , that should be a big clue .
Then back to giving her the attention again .
For me i think they r interested in sex more than being love in the adolescence
He 's going out with my friend now but I think there 's still a chance !
Must you really ask this question anyway ? ? ?
Sex is for the marriage bed only !
Ears , women love ears , do not know why
Well , my opinion is if you have trust in your boyfriend , then you would n't have to worry about flirtation !
Cuz we cannot dance and its evil to make us dance cuz we are clumsy and stupid
Just tell him as soon as possible .
Don ` t rush it men don ` t like to be rushed on a empty stomac
Do Not DEGRADE YOURSELF HES WITH YOUR FRIEND DO GO BACK FOR LEFT OVER LEFT OVERS
Ask questions . do not discuss religion . sex . or politics .
Sad BUT TRUE Being something your not is a hard thing to keep going .
Its simple they all think you r sexy and hot .
Here Is a SECRETE THAT MEN HAVE PASSED OIN FOR GENERATION TO GENERATION .
Well I  will just say this- Keep it real if you guys are always talking just ask .
Your kids come first no matter how old they are . SUPPORT YOUR KIDS !
Let the guy chase the girl .
Yes.and whenevr I feel like showing love , I kiss her
. or driving you crazy NOT wanting sex ?
People change grl frnds . every week !
Ha . good question . now I know what to tell my girlfriend I want .
If he ever had his hair short ( like when you first met him ?
What should i do i have tryed every thing !
Dsease because i hate to see babies suffer .
Do you mean the guys you have dated ?
Think about yourself first and his feelings second .
Honstely it all depends on the girl .
They could not wait until they became GROWN .
You already have it in your head to find each persons faults and downfalls .
I am not even sure if she would like me to ask her or not .
The kind that gets other good things going ! ! ! ! ! !
Like it is a one way street .
I l ask her what is this proposal about ? ?
Because some sup or vid models like average guys because they keep it real .
Its alot better once you relax and just have fun , its not so serious .
Cmon , you will find someone that want you as you are self !
I am pretty sure he is hiding something and he does not want you to know what it is .
Definitely take her to small claims court .
He said he was going to back to his home state with or without me .
Lol maybe you should hold your breath when giving a guy head so you do n't suffocate .
Ever try talking to one to see if you like them and vice versa .
Hints are BS . Just say what you mean and stop assuming people are getting the hint .
Jeez . this guy could be a fake .
A friends mother gave her this advice . be careful who you date , you just might fall in love with them .
Well the big question that i have is do you work as well ?
Although , YOU KNOW THAT MEANS GIVING UP YOU ARE OWN ; NO MATTER HOW BAD AND HOW LONG YOU HURT .
If she does things that you do n't like around , quit being her friend .
Your wife and her feelings or a friend ?
People do n't know because they do n't see what you see .
I dun trust and i dun sleep . no ways ! ! !
Probably because no one is there to tell them not to .
Is he more friendly and touchy feely with you or is he just that way with everyone .
What the heck is her problem ?
And honestly , why would not a guy want a young beautiful woman ?
I meet a girl on phone , we become very good friends .
Then i got a loaf of bread .
I mean i am a guy , i am not judging , but . what would happen if you asked them the question ?
Jokes aside . no reason not to meet unless he is not who he says he is .
YOU might find out later you lost the perfect one .
Nice guys do not like nice girls .
The same things that unattractive women like !
I 'm 51 so it is very hard.But got ta DO IT .
The way i look at it , if its meant to be its meant to be .
Well it is not a turn off if you have children and it is .
If they are in love and there are no showstoppers then go for it .
Meaning , you got her attention so go and propose !
Take her an run to the bed . LOL
It 's been like that from day one in my house since both of us work .
Spank the monkey if you have to but remember .
Hit it and move on your tooooo young .
Try asking her what she likes .
You just go ahead be proud . She is a Pro player . Merry Christmas
Do you two hold a friendship ?
Do Not waste time thinking of you are old one
Get around the corner and fill your belly . booze or food . but as you know , booze is never good .
Then she saw that I did not care , so she went for it .
I just admire the womans facial beauty and her good looks
How do I make it special ?
You ever gave them a chance ?
If you find that guy you  will be happy and it will last .
Make sure you r gon na be able to understand each other
Might intimidate boys , but never men .
My ex-boyfriend 's sister and i used to be really close .
Yea it does on my girl
Then WHEN THEY ARE ON THE DANCE FLOOR THEY FEEL INTIMADATED .
Let time tell you weather you do or not .
Coz he is known to be liking a girl who s very bad , showy ( n fairer than me ! !
Give them a little bit to disipher that feeling .
Forgive her for what she did to you , get your man , and move on !
Whatever happend to prayer in school ?
( The funny thing is that I know all these thing , but I do n't have a girlfriend .
You have n't found the right one .
First off , your kids should be your priority .
What kinds of things are you into ? ?
The same way you always have !
If deep down inside he 's an a hole then it might work but it 's seldom worth it . trust me
I said i would quit my teaching job and go too .
It all depends on the guy .
Mmm . nice question but you did not tell about you are charactor .
If deep down inside he 's an a hole then it might work but it 's seldom worth it . trust me
I said i would quit my teaching job and go too .
It all depends on the guy .
Mmm . nice question but you did not tell about you are charactor .
Hrm . Why not be friends with him and just be friends .
I have trouble with girls in the past , alot so if you can help me out . it would be nice .
No , he does not love you beyond your body .
Never stop smiling , because you never know who 's falling in love with your smile !
Am I going to get hurt ?
YOU can start with a punch line .
There is a generation gap between the 2 of you .
Why will not you ask her out ?
Also when they have very sexual realtions towads each other then they are lesbian ! ! !
Most important thing is do not give up ! ! !
But reality is , that it would be like dating your mother .
What if the guy turns out to be a total jerk ?
It seems he do n't care . if i were in your shoes , do the same way .
So , how do I do the start ?
Once more into the breech my bro !
It 's like having your cake and eating it too .
. I 'm going with One 's answer . vote for One vote for One
It is not always true though .
If you meet and know him well /for a long time , yes you could do it .
Well it depends on how much you love her .
I Am a good girl but i have to admit that the bad boys definately can take ahold of you .
Shower a gurl with all your attention . then after a while ignore her .
I am very shy and so , I am not able to ask her ! !
And sometimes I felt like I was having chest pains !
Do Not act crazy or stupid , just be yourself
Remember , there are no ugly women , some just are barely pretty .
For the same reason men do n't like women have male freinds .
I 'M A MAN , AND I CA N'T ANSWER THAT WITH SURTENLY.WHAT IS SEXY ?
Men alway want to be right , even when wrong .
Do you mean how to get a boy to like you ?
I never heard from him again until christmas day nearly 2 years later i learned that he had died .
Just flirt with them and wear ome cloth that will make you look sexy ! !
Bring a red rose and go somewere that she likes
And some taste better then others .
Ask her out take the risk man
If you really love her that much , ask her to marry you .
I have plenty of men friends and we hang out .
Id say go with your heart . that is the best i can do .
Ask her out take the risk man
If you really love her that much , ask her to marry you .
I have plenty of men friends and we hang out .
( * * ) < | Dead Fish Ollec , the Fish Slayer
Id say go with your heart . that is the best i can do .
I do not think not emotionally ready covers it .
My b/f is jealous , it 's funny .
My GF and I we  are together for 5 and a half yrs .
He is obviously keeping things from you .
For once in my life i wish it will change !
I just have to get to know a person to like them in any level .
You will never know , its a chance you would have to take if you are willing .
I Am in the same boat , i have been dating a guy for 2 weeks .
You could type in his / her yahoo id and search for the person .
Breath a little bit deeper once in a while .
As if they do not even have to accept it .
Looks like your in a hard spot and it also looks like hes in a hard spot .
- OK , so you are n't my student . but same answer .
I used to feel the same earlier .
It depends on how the date went
You wanted equality so very much , now you 've got it .
If you do not know all ready you do not need to ! ~ ! !
Go out with friends and talk .
If you  are not together . NEVER !
Cheap-check.com they can make a different types
I just would not do it myself though , but is it wrong : in this day and age , hell no
Cuz they h8 being wrong . that is how my bf is . lOl
If you like some one you are gooing to have to help her whith anything you know .
If she wanted you too it was wrong .
After thoes years , YOU be with you are lover by understanding each other
So as not to regret anything .
I do n't really think that 6 is that common .
Not if you do n't want her to be pissed !
Support your daughter in whatever she decides . and does .
Wan na go see if Friday night ?
I guess it comes down to what you consider love ?
As long as he is getting treated just as well there is nothing wrong that at all
Dude to make the girls like you do not act stupid around the girl that you like .
I THINK YOU SHOULD WAIT UNTIL THE OTHER MATE IS READY FOR YA  WILL TO HAVE SEX
That Is what most of you all men think about .
That would be suprising to me !
When hes hurt or something be there for him .
Here smell , do you think it stinks ? ? ?
From the looks of your picture , it would n't be hard !
In the mean time just work on bettering yourself and preparing for what you really want !
That would be suprising to me !
When hes hurt or something be there for him .
Here smell , do you think it stinks ? ? ?
From the looks of your picture , it would n't be hard !
In the mean time just work on bettering yourself and preparing for what you really want !
Some guys really do not care though .
Start seeing other women.that should work for good
All GURLS ARE N'T ATLEAST NOT ME CONTACT ME AT HOLAGURRL411 @ yahoo.com
Or is that going to make things hurt more ?
Yikes . he is quite the mature guy is n't he ? ?
There is no way to break up with a guy and him not be hurt .
Fine , I 'm like , if you do n't want me let me know and I will bounce , it 's not that deep .
Make it a bit more universal like 'No fear ' or something like that
A great name for a punk band
Be yourself with a little bit of spreading ( being the best in you )
Just i am me with the right answer
Ask yourself this-Do I really love him ?
Where i cannot find them : (
Briefs ! , I like to have the package next me
Also NO WAY will I go back to the way things were , but would like to be friends .
We have 3 children , a 15 yr. old and twin 3 yr. olds .
It all depends . i am a guy with a punkish attitude but down inside i am a nice guy .
Well , I am not sure exactly what a surrendered wife is .
People always love talking about themselves even if they act like they do n't .
I THANK THAT IF THE GUY IS REALLY IN TO THE WOMAN HE SHOULD CALL 1ST : ) GOOD LUCK
Yeah yeah go and tel her
Do n't cheat , love your self no matter what and admire how far you 've gone .
They could at one time have been a sl * t but have cleaned thereselves up .
Enjoy your self while it last !
Do the best and as a simple man , bro !
And the next day , you find out that your relationship is over , from Yahoo !
Be FUNNY , TALK ABOUT THINGS THAT ARE INTERESTING , AND THEN TAPE 20 DOLLAR BILLS ON YOUR BODY .
If not do not worry if you do or do not have a guy .
Your are the forth who ask this question : (
Or am I just to paranoid ?
Guys can never go wrong w/ a woman if they give her jewlery .
Women , you ca n't have it both ways .
. and then they would still think about it for a moment before they said 'no ' .
And you say your young too well if that is the case its kind of suppose to be like that .
Start with heavy petting , move to cunilingus .
That Is the first step , i suppose .
I love a man in Boxer Briefs !
That sounds really wierd and dumb but define what YOU think an online realitionship is .
Most women will never ask a guy out .
You can check the yellow pages .
I DO N'T MEAN TO MAKE YOU FEEL UNCOMFORTABLE , AND I 'M KIND OF NERVOUS .
Right after the date or on it
Not in mid MI , Clare area
( Guys hate it when they feel that they are being nagged at ! )
No because if you really love someone , how will you have room to be in love with anyone else ?
Why would you want 3 g/f 's ?
Yes , go talk to your doctor .
Also remember that the wife is always right !
It is like losing a love one .
Anyway , e-mail back when you get a chance .
Disclose everything you want . let us make list out here
He wants to be able to watch football and have sex with his gf or spouse .
I can only find this poart of the quote . but i am looking for the whole thing !
Your virginity is very special , and should be saved for someone you really care about .
Try to go to partys and stuff he might be at .
There are lots of women out there that will be interested in you .
Go at it in a church
Love is not sex - that is lust .
So remember not to rush it .
You 've said it , but do you MEAN it ?
11 with a card sayin that she/he completes the dozen !
Also a lot of people who do n't want someone their with also do n't want that person with anyone else .
Is two dozen twice as nice or is it just overkill ?
Did you get off to it ?
He said i could be a housewife .
If deep down he 's a nice guy , it wo n't work .
Now i got a job offer in a whole new state for a job i do n't like .
Do N'T TELL HER THAT YOU ARE PLANNING ON STAYING WITH YOUR WIFE , SHE WILL ONLY BE BITTER .
Stop and ask her for directions or something and just start up a conversation
If you are family does like you are girlfriend and you are girlfriend does'nt like your family .
) , her fate is already sealed .
Because boys cheat on the girls and we know how it gos ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
That is a bad sign bro
Love all , as if you are loving god .
Get a picture first and send her yours .
If that 's their answer , they probably do n't .
Especially when most people suck at it !
I think if the guy is in to you he should call at laest every other day .
What is a major reason for people straying . BOREDOM WITH THEIR PARTNER !
Nobody does , unless they  are psychic or something
No , it scares them but later makes them confident , if not arrogant later on .
If girls wanted it as much as guys we would not get very far as a society .
I never act embarrassed / ashamed to be with him .
Do Not be scared the color of her blood pumpin through her body is the same as yours .
I do n't want any drama , i just want my dress back .
Even he agrees that i m a nice , good friend of his .
If that is so . tell her that reaching climax will not affect that .
That 's how it goes , I guess .
Free TO DO AS I PLEASE
I love this girl very much but i have no idea how to start !
Then he sits around alot playing Palystation 2 .
You know when you know there no real way to say it just something you know
At an early age , well 16 , I decided that I wanted adventure in my life .
And make sure she does n't read any beauty or celebrity magazines !
Does it matter if he is what you call gay ?
YOU DO NOT SPEND ENOUGH TIME ON YOUR KNEES.AND OR BENDING OVER THE KITCHEN TABLE . START DOIN IT ! ! !
You cannot make someone love you .
I do not really understand your question that good but it seems like you have been attracting young guys ? ?
But the ring on my finger is enough .
Hey and I said Oh , hi , C. What 's Up ? ?
I have seen this happen way too many times ; get out of there before things escalate out of control .
I understand that and i respect him enough to not do it .
Who care what they look like it is all about there personality .
Then again she may have intimacy issues , i guess you  will never know .
Its hard to even find that these days let alone take care of a woman .
Could the ones you are trying to dance with be Hoosiers , bu chance ?
Offer little gifts seldomly and tell jokes to her .
My grr did the same thing , then left when I told her to get a j.o.b .
If you do n't already know , ASK YOUR MOTHER !
Takes these facts and ask yourself , am I a freak , or am I a super freak ?
Then that  would be perverted or vice-versa !
Depends if you really believe in love .
Plus I found out she just does n't call people back very much anyway .
Go to the member directory of all of the yahoo members
Maybe you should try some dating websites , like yahoo perosnals or someone other ones .
But we mostly forget that and let the bird runs away .
Because THEY LOVE HIM AND DO KNOW HOW TO GET OUT OF THE MARRIAGE ?
So . practically married , just no paperwork .
Eather through note or e-mail.Not unless she likes it when you ask in person .
She was scared I would not like it .
Single mothers ca n't leave house . or are too lazy
Most men are interested in younger women !
Wht do you have 2 do ?
But remember to keep your eyes open and dress nice .
Single mothers ca n't leave house . or are too lazy
Most men are interested in younger women !
Wht do you have 2 do ?
But remember to keep your eyes open and dress nice .
Pretend like you do n't know she exists .
Because , after all , they are better than other people and they can get away with it .
No i think it , s a bad thinking to sleep with some you do not care about
My boyfried and i have been togeth for 6 years
Just about drove my husband crazy .
I would agree with wat nichole says .
They think about how good the women looks
Just do not take it to far .
. They both know , and he is always nice to me , but she hates me .
I mean , I 'm not even the one she said it to & I 'm offended !
Never change just for a guy .
Then call her and ask her if you guys can talk .
Women CHEAT AS WELL , NOT JUST MEN .
If it was not , you  would just be friends .
Not one of these sites that dirct you to pay porno sites .
Okey kids Listen Up . the waterfall with great . we looked great . But the only thing you could hear WAS THE DAMN WATERFALLING . ! ! !
Not sitting on their butts at home , for sure .
Lol I was just kidding about last choice .
Some are okay with it , others are not .
No , there is little chivalry here .
Trust me . i no : ) or call him he will want to talk . ; )
I said what ever you have to say say it now .
Although I think it  would be kind of difficult !
And your partner will not doubt you wether you are lying or cheating to him .
( if you get this message please respond .
Every woman has a taste . no matter how clean they are .
I never cheated when I was married .
Find out the things she likes , spend time w/ her .
Talk to her about this beforehand .
( if you get this message please respond .
Every woman has a taste . no matter how clean they are .
I never cheated when I was married .
Find out the things she likes , spend time w/ her .
Talk to her about this beforehand .
E-mail him and say you have a surprise for him and them do something sexual
A marriage is both the hardest job you will ever have & the most satisfying .
You have to get yourself out there , have fun , and talk to girls .
Give me a call , Ok babe ?
If you find that perfect man then let me know .
Do n't let your enemy discourage you !
I would like to say , honesty , but that can back fire !
But now she looks sad everyday .
But that is only for outgoing people .
I think that if you have sex with 10 guys or with only 1 - it should not matter .
! haha.just be patient , and pray to god ask him who is the best husband for you ! !
Believe me , you deserve much-much better !
If you want your guy to dress a little nicer , buy him clothes YOU pick out !
She has to want it heself .
You can flirt with me at cold_dark_storm @ yahoo.com
Where did you get that , do you know . , nice dress .
I would have to say 2 dozen b/c the more you buys you roses the more he like/loves you .
Because married men are more mature . they already know how to handle relationships and they have more experience
How long ago was the breakup and what were you so jealous of ?
I Am still trying to find that out for myself if you find out tell me !
Just do n't let them get that close .
I always thought once people were engaged they were SURE !
I do n't really want to start something , but i still have a grudge with her from four years ago .
Hey there , nice to know you love the girl .
Your best bet , if you like him , is to flirt with him and then see if he responds .
Love is a feeling but feelings are not love .
Find a girl you want to go out with and without thinking much about it ask her out .
You might find on that you fancy and stick with her the rest of the remaning year .
Love to see full big ones , pretty sexy eyes , not butch looking
Or maybe hes never thought of you in that way .
I live in ohio and i do not see much chivalry either .
If you have summ thing in common use it
What would she do if her son were to really die .
He however , always quits or gets fired from one job to the next .
I Am not even sure how he feels about me .
Get out of the house once in a while !
They were the one to cheat , remember ?
Had anyone in love with 2 sister at once ?
Like saying all that suppose to change the way i feel about them .
Watch out for the sound on your . video tape . Better Luck too you !
Well . I love getting new jeans and/or underwear .
Being married is becoming one . you have to give and take
I think he just needed someone to feel sorry for him .
Make sure that you are the one .
( I am blind in ONE eye ) .
If both of you all are not tryin to make it worth anything it will not ' be worth nothin .
You get that felling in your stomach that when you know
The moment we see a gr8 girl , we feel we are in love , but then that is just infatuation .
If he is telling you he dosent like you , suggest some time apart .
He is not interested in your .
Kempie . what the hell is up with the train analogy ? ?
Like i said men think differently than we do , give him time he may come around .
There is know h thinking about it you just feel it .
It would be even worse if i did n't know the guy .
Just say that you really liked her for a while and she will do the rest
Well anyway , just do n't close the door , give them a chance to prove their worth .
That other guy did n't answer the question right .
I know way too many really beautiful girls who think they do n't look good .
. maybe he just has a sis who hogs the phone all the time .
Oh yeah , helps that I 'm a hottie !
Yeah you know you are , jus go with it !
Yes and no , maybe she did n't get the message ?
I Am only 13 . but still . if he did not ?
It depends on the realtionship between me and her but mostly i  will not sleep if a little bit doubt
On the east side ( pittsburgh ) we eat at beto 's its the best pizza you will ever eat
Dude , YOU DO NOT WHANT MOST OF THE PEOPLE IN YOUR WEDDING SAY I HAD HER .
Man , there is so much porn out there . must you pay ?
If you ever gave this line to a girl please tell me why !
What FANCYS HER , WHAT BABY GIRL LIKES .
On the east side ( pittsburgh ) we eat at beto 's its the best pizza you will ever eat
Dude , YOU DO NOT WHANT MOST OF THE PEOPLE IN YOUR WEDDING SAY I HAD HER .
Man , there is so much porn out there . must you pay ?
If you ever gave this line to a girl please tell me why !
Show her , tell her , draw a diagram .
Coz those who r the one who helped you to come all the way .
Yes , it matters more than it does for a guy .
- and 'accidentally ' bump into her .
He 's young , and a young man- is going to be a young man .
Say i am sorry bla bla bla bla bla do you forgive me ?
When you ca n't do anything else but think about spending the rest of your life with her .
If your not having sex it because she choose this not you .
Sometimes you got ta play the game to stay ahead .
I do not get it . you are supossed to be wrong , you know ? .
I keep thinking she  will be back .
And forget him , & enjoy your love .
Try yahoo email search , for one .
People like and want what they ca n't have .
I buy my wife flowers every couple of weeks .
YOU will beable to tell them apart once you actually meet a mature guy which would be hard
Ignoring it does n't mean that they hate you .
I kissed my date on the first date .
If a guy were going to ask me out i would like to know the guy really well .
I also have an infatuation for an elder girl .
If you have to ask , maybe it is not love
There really is some nice , single guys left out here !
Do n't ask a girl out in a message .
So it basically means that if you want returns you have to take the risk .
And no- I 'm not talking about sex , either .
Well , you COULD try asking your wife .
Think of things you know he likes to do .
Why wo n't she ask me out ?
Disease . because innocent people get that too .
Sorry i just want to know how many girls ever got this line or how many guys gave it .
Ah leave them alone . People learn by getting bit . Hondo Lane .
And what if it does n't work out ?
I do n't mean with war either .
If you are a chick then that is awesome to do .
What if you like this person .
Ah leave them alone . People learn by getting bit . Hondo Lane .
And what if it does n't work out ?
I do n't mean with war either .
If you are a chick then that is awesome to do .
What if you like this person .
Try telling her that you felt in love but never tell her who . then follow her reaction
Just remember , in the long run , which is more important : your friendship with her , or a crush ?
That would be so uncool , right ?
I only have 5 and women never complain .
I 'm 27 yr old , 6ft , not white
Try telling her that you felt in love but never tell her who . then follow her reaction
Just remember , in the long run , which is more important : your friendship with her , or a crush ?
That would be so uncool , right ?
I only have 5 and women never complain .
I 'm 27 yr old , 6ft , not white
Id give them a 100 if i could !
Smile and say great , fool proof .
Move to a new fucking city .
I do n't want a divorce or to live without/away from my husband .
Love is what makes sex great !
I do not want to get hurt either .
I no there are good people out there just be careful
Mmm Well when you get older you will find out : )
What you need to do is learn to trust your man .
I still like having the door opened for me and i love my feminity .
Either case , you got ta let her know , would n't it suck if she got away because she did n't know ? ?
I hope you get caught on asking that question .
I Am sure he would love to help !
If you truly think he is cheating . he most likely is . good luck .
7 years are enaugh , to understand alot of things in life .
Either case , you got ta let her know , would n't it suck if she got away because she did n't know ? ?
I hope you get caught on asking that question .
I Am sure he would love to help !
If you truly think he is cheating . he most likely is . good luck .
7 years are enaugh , to understand alot of things in life .
I just think this is fun to hear about .
I cheated 2 times , THE BIGGEST MISTAKE OF MY LIFE Never Again Will it happen .
Why not try to seduce him ?
Sounds like you should not be engaged .
But EVERY SENCE THE NEW KID CAME HE TOOK OVER ! ! ! ! ! !
Like they say , if you love someone , set them free .
Let Us just say i will not ever forget it
Hopefully she misses you as much as you miss her !
Girl , i have been there done that .
More of the same stuff you probably already talked about during the date .
Good luck and keep your chin up !
They even want to marry me .
If you  are not in love with her , then do n't stay .
Sound like a little single time is what your in need of .
Almost every state has great looking girls , but I do not know , I 'm gon na say Texas
If you do not know.you have not had one and don tneed to worry about it .
Just enjoy and go with the flow !
Use your eyes and your ears and then you gon na find out , remember not all the ladys are the same .
Some men like to spoil their gals .
Even though I 'm married now and not looking for anyone , I still laugh at the pick up lines , etc .
That 's , like , so awesome , like , amazing & like , the best , and like , so sad all in one !
I do n't think it is 'wrong ' at all .
Picking up girls is not all that different . )
Sure it 's not YOU like HER and do n't know how to let her know ?
She 's driving you crazy wanting sex ?
Well if she has 2 sleep with every guy obvusily she a sl.ut so that means she has 2 .
Just because you hang out with a person does n't mean your dating .
If you think you are family happiness is urs .
Sure it 's not YOU like HER and do n't know how to let her know ?
She 's driving you crazy wanting sex ?
Well if she has 2 sleep with every guy obvusily she a sl.ut so that means she has 2 .
Just because you hang out with a person does n't mean your dating .
I 'm having fun but unfortunately I got to get going and I am happy thanks !
Just sit back and keep doing what you are you doing .
Nothing like big hair , fake nails , and lycra to get a guy going .
I do n't know but someone tells you write it to me cuz I want to know to
Life would not be life if everyone was prefect . i am not sayin what he did was right ! !
Also can you deal with the way he spends money ?
Remember its for better or worse !
I do not really know but i have the same problem
No , she 's your wife , and she should know that !
If you plan on children , they  will need alot ; prenatal care , baby furniture/stroller , clothes , food , etc .
Also can you deal with the way he spends money ?
Remember its for better or worse !
I do not really know but i have the same problem
No , she 's your wife , and she should know that !
If you plan on children , they  will need alot ; prenatal care , baby furniture/stroller , clothes , food , etc .
I Do Not Know wat is you are name sweetheart ?
Some guys do not like this .
Try telling her hey girl you look damn slim aa
Listen to you are mind followed by you are heart
You NEED TO MAKE HER WANT IT DO NOT ALWAYS GIVE IT TO HER WHEN SHE WANTS IT .
God created man ` s Head unlike womans- seldom it match- AND IFF ?
But only if you can handle whatever answer you get .
Or go on a date w/ you are husband or go 2 a concert .
What is it that they  are lying about ?
Maybe she just is not into you like you are into her . sorry
By the way why did he leave you ?
When you could decribe the love so you do n't know it .
That is kind of weird also he was being very weird around me those few days
Get a penpal that is a girl that is your age !
If your still in love why would you move on ?
No to going to other girls .
( FOUND OUT THE HARD WAY . BROKEN HEART 4 12 YEARS .
There is no US law that says they ca n't .
If that is the case keep trying . that is how my boyfriend and i ended up together .
Its nice to get the family seal of approval though , so I would n't wait too long .
Becuase you also have the chance of not gettig hurt and being happy
Just watch their actions and listen to what and how they say things !
Do Not let anyone tell you different .
13 Herb Bath ) and get on with your life .
Hehe maybe you must get warm him first : P
This guy might want to kiss you but he needs time to find the right moment .
They just do n't want to admit they were dumb enough to get caught .
I hope this helps and best of luck to you in the future !
* In Philly , I like the restaurant MORIMOTOS .
Well the guy I met kissed me on the first date and I thought it was awesome .
May be you good nature & good looking they fill better to live life with you
It 's so easy to marry the wrong person .
I too got married early but we did n't have kids .
YOU have to find a real love than never care about being tall or not .
Do n't let yourself be hurt any more ! ! !
If he goes to a party , ask if you can go with him
No , that is true , i 've had that too .
You cannot make anybody love you .
And then you roll your eyes and sigh and say , nothing , and storm off into the kitchen .
Try a little trick I heard on the radio .
1st , you hafta be open with him .
This keeps happening to all of us ( guys ) all the time .
Redefine hot girl . i think girls that are mean are n't really hot . hokey ?
If she 's picky , she will not be happy no matter what you give her .
Guys do n't pick up on hints as fast as women do .
( no dumb pick up lines but if you want one that never fails get a hold of me )
Guys ( not all guys ) want it more than girls because sex is more important to you , sex is your priority .
Well I like when girls have eye contact with me .
If you brave it and ask her , that 's gon na be a plus .
But sometimes ; we live too long in paradise , until we do n't feel it , any more !
Whole new bunch of problems ( ones people do not talk about in public ) maybe .
If so is it better to have multiply orgasms or one big orgasm ?
What did you like about it there ?
If Demi can why ca n't we . LOL Go for it !
If its there you will know but hold out on her a little
But that just my plug nickel 's worth .
Be yourself because will like you being urself .
That is all i have to say ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
In general , if guys want sex , women want romance .
Personally i do not like a girl to have kids .
She & I wound up dating & then we got married .
Tell her exactly what you said in your question .
If you have a house or will someday have one get her something for it .
I am not a person for that like that you tell to you are boyfriend
If you want to talk let me know !
By the way . he is very very very stubborn !
The one I know is loyal and I can count on .
[ Unless the woman forces it ; ) ' I have never thought of you like that ' ]
I would call her every day but not too much so that i do not step on her nerve
This guy is just bringing home the drama y even bother ?
I would n't take it to much to heart , just be happy in the fact that you  are really hot ; )
2. do the two of you have experience in solving disagreements well ?
Stay there , while the staying is good , unless they are abusive in some way , then it is not true love !
How do you get your dog to roll over ?
Why ca n't you ask her out ?
If your into it then go for as many as you want and can get .
But you have to regardless of how hard it may seem .
I wouldlike to know your answere dud , question like that means you have something to say about it , right ?
How do you get your dog to roll over ?
Why ca n't you ask her out ?
If your into it then go for as many as you want and can get .
But you have to regardless of how hard it may seem .
I wouldlike to know your answere dud , question like that means you have something to say about it , right ?
Maybe she got ate up by zombies
If you can wait then do .
One night he called me on a break from work & was really depressed . just having a terrible day .
Ask her to get up and clean the house
The second rule - saying ANYTHING is better than saying NOTHING .
And i would say for you to do the same .
Nothing i have read or anything , just my own personal opinion . anyway , i hope that helps answer your question .
They ACT LIKE YOUR KILLING THEM
If you wo n't ask him why , then your wasting your time !
I would have to make his private longer . i ant gettin any plaesure if you know what i mean !
Well , i am really out of it .
Kiss them ever so softly look deeply into there eyes and smile .
But I THINK THAT I LOVE YOU AND I THOUGHT THAT YOU SHOULD KNOW IT .
Touch her face softly with the back of your hand
Be your self and talk to her , then ask her out ,
Girls love a guy with confidence .
So if she is looking around the room instead of you .
I then think you are a rainbow warrior .
Do Not worry their is a special place in hell reserved just for you for even thinking about cheating .
For guys to bond , they have to do stuff : billiards , bowling , drinking , partying , sports , etc .
I want to see aishwraya rai 's toes
Ask your mate . its only cheating if it would upset them .
I  will give you a tip though .
Then he with to ntice you and ! boom !
Tell him to sit at home and you get a job ! !
I want to be happy in my life and not miserable every day .
Music Pets Family Friends Hobbies/Interest Job Just her favorites in general . Best of luck !
They like it when you treat them like crap .
That Is how it worked for me and my wife .
Take A Shower then talk to her !
Best of luck to you .
Go up to him when you get back to school .
Plus why would you not want to go with you are husban he should be you are best friend .
That Is how it worked for me and my wife .
Take A Shower then talk to her !
Best of luck to you .
Go up to him when you get back to school .
Plus why would you not want to go with you are husban he should be you are best friend .
Flask Item # WAK3060P Knife # ZBK1752P
One reason ( for me anyway ) it really turns guys on .
If you do not love him , then do not lead him ( or you ) on any longer .
Because it 's one way of being honest to him no matter what .
I suppose you could let him treat you like a queen if he thinks you are
And , I 'm just getting started here .
Hope you got a good lawyer . lol
Might be he is feeling lonely .
A soulmate is nothing more then someone that you want to be with for the rest of your life .
Or a gay women thinking a man is hot ?
You left this question kind of late , did n't you ?
If you feel you need a wedding . do it .
Why you got ta be all up in my grille about my attitude ?
Tell her that you are father in law will watch over her
Depends who starts it . if you did , an apoligy is nice , .
But i think it is healthier to live a LIFE full of LOVE . after all , you go both ways .
I prefer blonde , and i do n't know why !
Hi , I go to an Academy and there 's a woman I like .
Why are not you comfrotable with talking about sex ?
Just walk up and tell him
If he is not that type of man .
Tell you are mother in law that she is safer at her own house .
Yes , but on the boobs/tits only OOOOOOOOOOk ! ! !
A girl who is kind and honest and wants to make me happy .
Why do girls dress like tom-boys ?
Nope . as long as your full time job is n't looking 4 1 .
10 years ago , mine cost me $ 5,000 .
I do n't think that you should kiss at all .
Tell this friend that he needs to get a backbone and ask her .
If you keep trying , she  will see you as a stalker and that 's not where you wan na go with this .
Do n't linger , get in and get out .
What if you two start working on it and she cheats on or leaves you for another man again .
Honest MeN LoVe WoMeN : THoSe DeCieVe THeM AdOrE THeM
You did the right thing . do n't worry bout it . you  will find someone else ! !
Lol what the hell . were you drunk on your wedding day ? ?
I lost weight . but I was in the bathroom at least 10 times a day .
Because he doesn ' t want to spend the moneyon someone other than himself or he 's not ready for marriage
If she still is not doing it right . well , your call .
They , actually were jealous of my mother and I .
I actually went through this recently myself . wow !
Please do n't think all men are the same- we are n't .
Then you  will understnd the value of life .
If your wife wants more sex have her call me.Ha !
Yes mosdef you can get pg .
That Is the kind of thing that guys do .
Give him his freedom for Christmas !
She  will probably be flattered that you only want her !
Move on its over post a pic and maybe we can talk
Try to forget about the mean girls or those that do n't work out-that is part of the game .
( I 'm totatlly going to get kick out again )
I 'M SURE IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH YOU .
I Have kissed many women in my life jest go 4 it balive in yourself
How about 5 , 10 , 20 , 30 ?
Or go to a foreign contry !
The cats will get fed . do n't worry .
Sorry that I ca n't help more .
Well how old r you because i might know some that does
This is your test question , and also this is my test reply . ; - )
He just wants you to be happy .
He s in my class n a good friend of mine .
Then he lost his job right before we moved here !
I Am only a freshman and i am in love .
And at the end of the school he gave me a hug ! ! !
It does n't matter if she loves him , or if her father wants them to get married .
Look directly into his eyes & ask him if he is faithful to you .
Did he think about you when he cheated ?
Depend if you have a hot body
Or take her out to spend time with her at her favorite resturant .
I Am coming at you from the cheaters side .
There . s no match . r you planning to hang out with the same girl .
It is not as easy as it sounds i know that but it works .
You will know when the time is right
I think it is okay but just do not over do it ! ! !
If you do n't then someone has issues that need to work on .
It goes back to Do as I say , not as I do .
I DO N'T REALLY THINK ABOUT IT .
What ever happened to spare the rod spoil the child and spankings in school ?
Am I happy when I 'm with him ?
Talk in a cool enviornment , afterall he is your father .
He said same thing like her .
No I never send Christmas cards out
You should be pleasing her and she pleasing you .
Are you able to let some things go ?
Got ta agree with applejooce , just tell him
Eeek . marriage your thinking about this too much .
Anything that will make me laugh all night long .
Old when i had my first kiss first real boyfriend .
Its the little things that guys do that clue us in to what you are thinking .
Though , we always talk at night ( coz i am working abroad ) and takes care of the kids .
What is wrong is that YOU do n't love your spouse the way you used to .
I do not celebrate x mas myself . 3 months dude xmas is over . LOL
Lick her body starting with her hair till her toes
Try burning a cd with his fav .
Will you ever get drunk with tthem again ?
I was just wondering , Am I in love ?
I like a lot of girls too , and I want to ask them out .
Lots of gurls are this way .
Cannot put my finger on it but going to see her really scares me .
Can he look into your eyes ?
I was just wondering , Am I in love ?
I like a lot of girls too , and I want to ask them out .
Lots of gurls are this way .
Cannot put my finger on it but going to see her really scares me .
Can he look into your eyes ?
People get married and think well if it does n't work out we can always get divorced .
That Is sexual harrassment , document the situation , get some evidence , tell her no , then sue for your retirement .
No , it just does not happen as often .
Saometimes the hardest part is totally letting go !
You have to open for him the way to not be a shy
And both of them ok with it ?
And besides , I just popped a mint .
Yes i did think it was pretty slu * * * y but I am still married and have not had any problems .
I can go on and on with reasons !
No this is n't a dumb question , actually it 's a great question ! ! !
Like I said , though , it 's a hard question to answer .
Tell your wife before she does .
Tell her you will leave her alone if she wishs .
I think that a guy should love his wife if his wife aggrees .
On the flip side , why does a woman nag as to where the guy is going ?
That it may or may not help them .
Do N'T HESITATE JUST TELL ME I WO N'T TELL ANYONE !
A girl , i see , but i do n't know , named moonlight !
Email me back with more info.mandie_mo_of_co
There is nothing more attractive than a girl who 's having fun !
No sir not wrong at all .
Should I Wait or Should I Go ( as Wham sez ) ?
Many women always say they want a real man ?
Ask more girls til one calls you back ; )
And should i get her a gift ? ? ? ? ?
Do you all not like him for right serious reasons ?
People that fit have better sex .
Its happened to me like 3 times
I BELIVE THAT YOU CAN ONLY FALL IN LOVE ONCE .
You STUCK THE KNIFE IN YOUR OWN BACK . OUCH
If you could advise if you work as well that may help get a clearer answer
No , you  are not weird , unless you think you are ! !
When you feell like it is time . What I mean is that your hart will let you know .
Do you know the way out
Tell him until he decides he wants a conversational relationship with you no s * x , usually works
Now men think their women are lazy if the woman just wants to be a mom .
Do the one thing that many never do .
I 'm wondering how old you are .
If you do n't love this person leave , but marrying someone else is n't wise either .
Wwii Singer from the Jersey Isle in Britian .
Do Not jump to the assumption that you will definitely get hurt .
How would he feel if you were friends with you are ex .
Because a lot of men are looking for trophy wives .
Online relationship shud b there for online purposes ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
If you sucess then congratulate you !
Sex is very important for men also money
Look for guys that are serious about thier studies .
Both SHOULD BE ABLE TO HAVE FRIENDS .
As i am not married i do not know .
Do n't answer just smirk and continue .
And if it is - still no excuse to cheat on your wife .
Sit down and think of it and speak up .
Well , FIRST OF ALL DUDE , CONGRATS ! . I FEEL LIKE TELLING YOU TO KEEP THEM ALL .
Is it wrong for a woman to date her ex-husbands brother .
No STINGS muah have fun and JUST DO IT
How about a man that will take care of themselves !
Ill tell you what worked for me .
The kids get hurt the worst .
( Frankly , I do n't like roses all that much ! )
Nothing , you broke up with him in the first place did n't you ?
If you want to . without question - yes !
Like i said do not do it just cuz people you care about want you to .
First off , you should get to know her , become her friend first .
Magic 8 Ball says : Ask again later
If you find your love winds down for even one of you it probly just infatution .
For the upper answer . a player @ 42 years ?
Why do women feel as though men want to controll them back at you
She still wants a relationship with the guy , that 's pretty obvious .
If you do not ask she loose her for ever so do not waste time my friend .
You should ask youself some questions before beginning a life with someone .
Because your partner trust you that you are not deceiving him
If I do n't marry her she  will leave me .
For some reason guy round here feel because they like you , that you should automatically like them back .
Some just like it that way ! !
Gift cards are the best way to go with anyone these days .
Who 's to say , just go with what is comfortable for you
A good woman woudnt do that .
If I ask him out then i  will pay .
All YOUR ACTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES no matter when or how long it has been .
Meams you are pretty dam good-lookin ' , if ya have 3 g/f 's ! ! !
How do you love him if you barely ever talk ?
Hi Sweety , Well not all women do but I guess most do .
Is it really worth it to cheat on your wife .
Think about this your are saving the best for last !
Have fun , and do not be afraid to discuss and ene try new things .
Likes guy stuff ( sports , etc . ) and can hang with the guys and make them laugh .
I did once just for fun .
Just b/c you asked does not mean you do or do not .
If you love him , can talk to him about ANYTHING .
Oh yeah , and if you  are a girl . it hurts like hell the first time .
If i guy ca n't accept that , then he is not worth your time .
Does n't the other grrr deserve a chance ?
Yeah because parents like 2 screw people up
And if he says no , then that 's just that .
But too difficult to wait till marriage !
Not to be rude or piss you off or anything , but it sounds like she still loves her husband .
H E L L O : )
That 's quite impressive - 90 a day and that 's just ONE service !
But I assure you . never stop looking .
Something you can have with me that is if you are over the age of 18
My condolences go out to you !
When you move , keep your phone number unlisted and get a p.o .
How do you ask a boy out ?
If they belong to you , they will come back .
Because if a girl chases a guy , he feels cornered .
Well it depends on the guy how old is he how old you are .
Words do n't mean much . actions speak louder .
You DO N'T TRUST HIM AGAIN CHEATING IS DISGUSTING .
But , i asked , and she explained .
Who knows maybe you two might go all the way ! !
Give her all she wants and more .
Sorry TO PLACE YOU IN SUCH AN UNCOMFORTABLE POSITION . SHALL WE CARRY ON NOW ? ?
Yes it 's bad . you should be desiring each other all the time .
You wo n't know until you try
Flowers or choclates and you can always get her some earrings man
Wow . thanks for the kind compliments you fine bunch of wonderful ladies !
If your a 30 yr old dude LEAVE THE KIDS ALONE !
Sounds like something my friend is going through right now , , he needs help but you ca n't do it alone !
Flirting can lead to a lot of things just do not let it do that .
Maybe she got bored with ya . expected some things outta ya , and you did not deliver . wake up , that happens
If so then you are in love .
Actually the average size is 5 , so it really depends on the genes .
You have nothing else to loose .
I know a girl like that , and i try to stay away from her
But still should not be that big of a deal if you know how you feel about that other person .
Mtv also has an influence on girls too but hey that is their problem
Then he will ask you y you r doing like this .
Some things are just not meant to be .
How can i get over this person easier , and is there anybody out there that needs a new friend ?
Look up their phone number in the phone book ?
Whether that is worth trying , or even possible , is up to you .
YOU will never know if he likes you unless you ask .
Dude . it as easy as reading your letter .
Because it would be wrong to ask him to break up with a girl that he just got with .
Give a smile , or do something which makes her laugh at you .
I 'm sure another girl would appreciate you better !
Because he wants to hammer you grrr , do n't do this , do n't you remember what jon said in the 80s .
Something clicked like magic , and it was like I was in heaven !
It is n't that hard to find a great chick that is nice to you , is it ?
Marriage is not about what you get man , it 's about what you give .
Is LOVE truly in the AIR ? ?
Dump the cheater & Move on with that information
Ok the first time i thought he was nice and sweet .
Heh I believe it is . WO MAN ! !
I WOULD KICK BOTH OF THEIR A * * .
Is LOVE truly in the AIR ? ?
Dump the cheater & Move on with that information
Ok the first time i thought he was nice and sweet .
Heh I believe it is . WO MAN ! !
I WOULD KICK BOTH OF THEIR A * * .
Think of your kids first . they do not need abuse in their home .
So men learn that I can do what I want and lie and she will still get over it .
It 's like slamming your finger in a window over , and over , it feels good when you stop !
Acutally I like Cats answer , it 's prrrrrrrfect : )
Think of your kids first . they do not need abuse in their home .
So men learn that I can do what I want and lie and she will still get over it .
It 's like slamming your finger in a window over , and over , it feels good when you stop !
Acutally I like Cats answer , it 's prrrrrrrfect : )
About everyone some do n't even know
Move on homey . plenty of fish in the sea ! !
Noone forgets the date of the wedding !
If he does not , there will be plenty of other guys that will give you butterflies .
No i always hate my sex life !
A man who cares for you , loves you , but it is hard to discribe because i am not you !
That said , I keep it real and I always get a ton of attention .
I broke it off , it was hard , but i do not regret it at all !
Blondes . coz they are beautiful and stupid
Married ABOUT TO BE DIVORCED BUT ON NEW YEARS EVE I CONSIDER MY SELF FREE .
If you cheat , get caught , and get a divorce ?
But another thing cheat on him I did n't do that but you do that .
Go to the website and look up CESIUM CHLORIDE AND OXYGEN DROPS .
Believe THIS IF HE CHEATED AND IF YOU TAKE HIM BACK HE  WILL CHEAT AGAIN
Try oriental restaurants or karaoke bars
If I WANTED A FEMME GUY I WOULD JUST DATE A LESBIAN .
I really wan na just let go of this person , so how do i do it ?
If YOU LIKE HIM THEN GO FOR IT
He has somthing to ask you .
Type that into yahoo and read the articles .
Do Not break it off just yet , let her dump you .
Oh and yoda say use the force .
And HOW DO WE SNAP OUT OF IT ?
No , unless you like a person who is like under 18 & you are way over .
Her name is fur immer liebe samsonellen .
How could you forget look on the license
Get her to eventually ask him back to her place or something similar .
Get her close to orgasm and when she tell you to stop , stop and get away .
Hope you can understandme . Everything is up to you , just think a little about it .
See if he finally gets the message .
All THE STATES HAVE GOODLOOKING GIRLS AND WOMEN EVEN THOUGH ALOT OF PEOPLE ARE TO DUMB TO SEE THAT ! ! !
Get her to eventually ask him back to her place or something similar .
Get her close to orgasm and when she tell you to stop , stop and get away .
Hope you can understandme . Everything is up to you , just think a little about it .
See if he finally gets the message .
All THE STATES HAVE GOODLOOKING GIRLS AND WOMEN EVEN THOUGH ALOT OF PEOPLE ARE TO DUMB TO SEE THAT ! ! !
Defenely if he is nice . it is not the looks but what is inside that counds .
Now things are really messed up .
And add a good Pick Up Artist online resource .
How much dating did you do ?
And let 's talk some more o.k .
That even goes for a 18-year old dating an 17-year old .
Its a bummer , but they can get away with it most of the time .
Cannot really snap out of it until they do something really stupid and out of hand .
And if it does n't work , it just makes it that much easier to get over her .
Is n't that wrong of her , or what ?
Your in High School you should be dating a lot of people not just her .
Make sure you really want it .
Sit back and peep her out .
Because they can be . now go out and fin a girl that does not poop on you
Just get it over with.and try to be sincere .
Not really its usually the other person has something you do n't have
Having sex with other people not in the relationship and the partner not caring and/or doing the same thing .
Because there is no such thing
Someone who cheated is probably deceptive . they will lie and say they do n't know why , when , really , they do
Please give me some tips so i can have a orgasim when ever I want !
Or put an azo pill in her soda to make her pee orange .
Welcome to the 21st century , dave !
And the second and third from what I recall .
If he thinks that 100 is not too many , then hey , you  re like a virgin .
Do you love him for who he is ?
Goto switchboard.com and put in the there address
Worth looking for if hard to find .
Are you dating younger men just to play around and they get too serious ?
But it 's not that big a deal , when you think about it .
No more than 12 no less than 5
Goto switchboard.com and put in the there address
Worth looking for if hard to find .
If you can get over that then your str8 .
Let me know if it works .
YOU tell him , so you are really serious , huh ?
Just because you want to get back together with him .
You COULD JUST E-MAIL ME THE MONEY GIRL ! I COULD GIVE YOU MY E-MAIL ADRESS DO YOU WILL NOT IT ?
If you can get over that then your str8 .
Let me know if it works .
YOU tell him , so you are really serious , huh ?
Just because you want to get back together with him .
You COULD JUST E-MAIL ME THE MONEY GIRL ! I COULD GIVE YOU MY E-MAIL ADRESS DO YOU WILL NOT IT ?
! If you do n't like it , then move on to the next category . duh ! !
I am afraid that she may get angry . or she might not like me .
Do n't pull away too quickly , and if he pulls you back in . you know he likes you !
Depending upon . who is and how the date went .
I noticed that i get attitude towards guys who for some reason unknown to me wan na holla .
But that first time in love stuff just happens when you first fall in love .
I think cards that would say , one free back scratch or one free massage or one free kiss .
Yes , I think its really bad ! !
They  are everywhere , you just have to identify which is which .
Well if your family is anything like mine .
What can I do for her ?
Go with the flow because maybe he is just scared to be in love .
I guess you just have to date until you find the right one .
Do n't mess up a good friendship .
Ummmm . i do n't think its romantic i thinks its gross , but also farts are funny .
What if he/she did not like you because you had , short hair . etc etc . you see ?
This will be an investment for you for future
You All JUST THINK ABOOUT THE UPS AND DOWNS WITH IT .
Showing your love is all the little things that you do for someone you love .
What if he/she did not like you because you had , short hair . etc etc . you see ?
This will be an investment for you for future
Love = koigokoro you = temae so it means that you love someone in chinese language
You All JUST THINK ABOOUT THE UPS AND DOWNS WITH IT .
Showing your love is all the little things that you do for someone you love .
He IS CONTROLING WANTS TO MAKE YOU THINK YOU OWE HIM
Live * LAUGH * LOVE ITS AS SIMPLE AS THAT
Its not the best situation to be in
If you like the person why not ?
Ask yourself , is she worth waiting for , are YOU willing to wait ?
Start checking out other guys , let him know how it feels .
First OF ALL YOU SHOULD NOT HAVE HAD AN AFFAIR , BUT THE DAMAGE IS ALREADY DONE .
Nope not at all unless it was only sex and even then make sure you protect yourself .
Because people get married with divorce in the back of their minds already .
First of all , do n't let him know you are thinking about leaving .
He buys me whatever i want , but he does n't want me to do anything for him .
If have not already found out , make sure she is single .
But women see it different than us men .
Just go up to him and asked him out .
Britney Spears Ass or Carmen Electra 's mouth !
If I  would had the choice I would say YES , without thinking twice .
Now if she is just being polite and not interested in you .
I do know one guy who met his wife that way !
I 've cheated , and been cheated on .
Just look at it like this . men expel and women retain !
Some other guy to come get her at YOUR house wouldent you get a little jelous
YOU kno they could be sex addicts .
I Am impressed by a man who does n't try to impress me .
So she has to turn a lot more guys down before she finds one that she likes .
Frankly , its not that big a deal .
If hate is amiss , it 's like a funny smell in an elevator .
I said how many do you drink .
For me it is a felling you can never put in words
You will definitely know if it happens . its too intense not to notice .
If he looks at other girls when you are not around then , O.K .
( unless you do n't mind other guys banging your girl )
It depends on if he really really likes you or not
Either you have a good figure or you r extremely beautiful .
I like a cool chick with a hot ass .
3- You find a good girl and you do n't want her to marry some one else .
I THINK YOU ARE MORE LONELY THAN IN LOVE .
What IF HE GAVE YOU SOMETHING .
I  will take the brunette please thanks
Go to USA if you like an american girlfriend .
If you have to ask , then i would say no .
Cus they are bored and do n't have anything better to do .
If you  are thinking of asking someone , but not sure , just DO IT !
And if he stalks , call the police .
YOU just have to marry him to know HOW husband he will be.family life changes everyone.merry x-mas
Many , Many girls ( and Guys ) prefer a uncut guy .
But you must enter his full name .
Why DO YOU WANT TO SEE HER TOES ? ?
I think you should be bold anough and ask him
I have never heard this before .
And legally you ca n't do anything about that .
I LOVE HIM BUT I NEED TO MOVE ON , HE IS MARRIED , PLEASE HELP ME , I AM SO DEPRESSED .
Cuz everybody got a freak side to them .
No cry-baby whining stuck-up prissy high-maintenance jealous back stabbing hoochie like most women are .
The limits are but you can not hold it till death i think : P
Quit nagging him and get him a beer .
She needs some attention from you sweetie !
Best of luck finding the right answer ! !
Anyway if you really want help on this mail me to acriyaz @ gmail.com . bye - ac riyaz
Because they are insecure dweebs and ca n't handle a real woman .
Just do n't over do it and go straight to the next girl if she does turn you down .
Jest look to her eye : )
Best of luck finding the right answer ! !
Anyway if you really want help on this mail me to acriyaz @ gmail.com . bye - ac riyaz
Because they are insecure dweebs and ca n't handle a real woman .
Just do n't over do it and go straight to the next girl if she does turn you down .
Jest look to her eye : )
Its in the people search section .
To an extent . yes it does .
She refused you once . meaning you two were not really together ?
And is she as a freind more important to you or this guy you like ?
I tell you this from experience !
If you trust him , have met his family and i just pray .
She expects from a boy to do things , ,about which she is thinking , , , got it ? ? ?
When you missed him/her when she /he is gone
2nd , he might actually respect you , like most guys do not , and does not wan na ruin a good thing .
Nice guys sometimes are too attainable .
Cheat while she is buzy cheating you
He 's looking to cheat on you .
I do n't think it is wrong .
I did n't realize how sick I am .
Show her you are a nice caring guy .
Like french kissing and makeing out .
Small claims court . if you got proof that they have it ?
The answer is : No , there is not a chance with him .
Yea . besides a tree some men would probably like some polo boots for the winter . really depends on the age ?
And have kept a freindship since her divorce .
Did you try to turn around ?
To ask out a girl you like , do n't sweat it or practice it over & over in the mirror .
Usually women like this will give it up to the man who does n't buy into their BS .
Let YOUR FRIEND DO AS THEY PLEASE .
Plus it always kind of hurts when a break up does not affect the other party .
Yes . and if you ask real nice . he may give you someTHING extra !
I have n't heard anything about them.why do n't you ask them ?
What if she is really mean/crazy ?
Arcade , go cart riding , bowling , play pool
Perhaps she is thinking the same thing . how can I tell if he still loves me ?
Any where i perfer some where nice
I say no because if he done that to you once it will probably happen again .
Because you  will always come back to him .
Or you could just talk to him !
And if she likes you to she will understand .
It might be that your wife only had cybersex but that is still sex .
I need one for a guy that I like alot .
The whole saying about . guys mature a few yrs .
So flirt one of them and you will be in love .
A gravitation force which pulls you
Girls never go for sensitive guys .
I would take her with me , then go hang at the mall , but I like Richs answer best
If you still have problems file an complaint and reverse it to them !
I certainly would n't do that to just anyone .
Why do so many people have sex with other people that they have no intention of ever marrying ?
My husband got me a leather jacket for our 5th Christmas ! !
If you still have problems file an complaint and reverse it to them !
I certainly would n't do that to just anyone .
Why do so many people have sex with other people that they have no intention of ever marrying ?
My husband got me a leather jacket for our 5th Christmas ! !
Have an affair with married man .
Why YOU ARE LOOKING FOR free DO YOU HAVE SOME MONEY PROBLEM ?
And finally ask him why , what does she mean to him ? . will it happen again ?
No , she might dump you because she will think you want to have it with her and her mom .
Or if you meet her at home she will need to look for a vase to put it in .
I jst will not waste my time .
Why YOU ARE LOOKING FOR free DO YOU HAVE SOME MONEY PROBLEM ?
And finally ask him why , what does she mean to him ? . will it happen again ?
No , she might dump you because she will think you want to have it with her and her mom .
Or if you meet her at home she will need to look for a vase to put it in .
I jst will not waste my time .
You could just hang back and see how she handles it .
He is most definitely a LOWLIFE who SUCKS !
Does the cock size really matter ?
Actually I know more women than men that way .
Most of the guys that like big girls a really skinny .
This is tough because of what you said . you  are still in love with him ( how long were you guys dating ? ) .
Ignore the ones who said alcahol .
Well you never know you are luck so there might be a big persentage or a little one good luck !
They ONLY WHANT ONE THING ( - - - ) NOT THE RESPONSIBILITY OF A FAMILY .
And do n't listen to those other bogus answers about maybe he wants to wait for marriage . that is not true .
If YOU KNOW HE FREQUENTS A CERTAIN CLUB OR RESTURANT , JUST STAY AWAY .
Easy rule of thumb : you sleep with guys and if you enjoy yourself you  are gay .
I like answering these kind of questions !
Or do you love what he was and what he could be , if he wants ?
Just as some women do , and some do n't .
Not downing anybody , just trying to constructivly think here .
In a woman : long hair , nice legs & butt , small breasts .
But like I said the best advice is TIME .
He will not care about it .
You have my confidence good luck bro .
My question how do I go about this ?
I am a girl and I am not .
Guys are guys and the jump from one topic to the next .
You have my confidence good luck bro .
And kind of watch over the whole situation .
My question how do I go about this ?
I am a girl and I am not .
Guys are guys and the jump from one topic to the next .
I just had sexual relations over the internet with some other random guy .
And flowers . there must ALWAYS be flowers : )
One guy was really creepy and scared me .
Or use yahoo personals i am looking for a part time lover too .
But that they do not want to have children with you or marry you .
Plus its just having fun with one another and pleasuring one another .
Well , first off ask him if he is .
You just know if you like someone .
Redheads with a fine sexy body .
If she does not set this guy straight then maybe you should say something to her .
I really like this girl but i am too shy to tell her .
Most girls do that maybe because they have a crush on them and you want to impress him .
Just remember a life long commiment is just that , life long .
I really like this girl but i am too shy to tell her .
Most girls do that maybe because they have a crush on them and you want to impress him .
Just remember a life long commiment is just that , life long .
Head it off at the pass ?
Go go a blog sites . like yahoo 360 or msn myspaces thing . give her a link .
I agree with catnip . my mother never care any of my BF 's business .
The smaller it is , the lower your self confidence , the worse your performance .
Hey dude . wake up and smell the coffee .
Go out with friends not necessarily males but females
Keep you are personality high and do n't do it . your r too high-class than ask such thing
Maybe point out to him if you see someone kissing .
Family In General Division - Ew no !
Just go whatever the best that you 've had think !
And He did n't try to have sex !
We met 26 days ago , and i am willing to have some more days together with him .
I would say good just keep looking
How can I get her to love me ?
Just do n't go overboard with it .
The fact that you even put yourself in the position to watch her makes yourself a cheater !
If he likes women older than him , he probably likes a mature woman .
Do n't forget to use your ears .
No matter how cool and charming they are .
It seams like he dose n't trust you if he is jealous , i would n't
I first started dating at 14 !
In fact my girlfriend does it sometimes ! ! !
I 've actually never used them , but my realionship could n't be better ! !
Friends friemds or she may be someone you allready know
When did i stop doing that ?
Men are hunters , women are nesters .
You know i get the same crap from my friends and family .
When you find out , you let me know
Tell them that you like them .
Remember any guy can sweep any girl off her feet- he just needs the right broom .
That do you gurls look for in a guys personality attributes ?
It will not work out . if he cheated on ya once , he will again
Its because she does not think anybody would like her in the flesh .
Deadma lang pag sumunod p din deadma k uli & tell her the worst of you
Spending time with friends or keeping oneself busy ( NOT by cheating though . ) .
Sorry but your are still a child !
Going OUT DO YOU STILL USE THAT EXPRESSION THESE DAYS.PLEASE DO ME A FAVOUR AND DO NOT ACT SO DESPERATE .
Did he spend time with you at least on that day ?
Hey baby . Do you have a little ( insert ethnic group of speaker here ) in you ?
For the same reason men do !
Ya its a good idea , just nothing too expensive , under 20 bucks should be ok .
Think about the world of problems that alone opens up .
Hey , I have a crush on you .
Good Luck . Hope he kicks your face loose !
Oh , men are just strange . So simple . Yet so complex . I think every man does it at least once .
My big brown eyes and my boobs . yes they  are real !
Finally . remember the way you get a gal IS the way you lose them .
I want her back . and that feeling is not going away .
If he invites you to do something with him and/or his friends .
Is she in love with you soldier boy ?
I saw it with my own eyes .
Most people these days look at physical stuff .
Women CAN BE EQUALLY AS GUILTY AS MEN .
That way she can get what ever she wants .
He said that if I died , he  would kill himself , so I humored him and said , Ok .
Look FOR SIGNS THAT SHE LIKES YOU .
Other people are drawn to that and you  will have more friends than you ever dreamed .
Once they are mature enough though .
Then smile , peck him and give him a big hug !
And then , get a big piece of paper and write I LOVE YOU ! ! !
Most Girls only look for the wallet and they are idiots for doing so .
That Is the only solution until you  are ready 2 move on
I would n't go back out with him for one thing .
Maybe you guys could have a really strong relationship .
Do n't mess with the other girl 's boyfriend .
[ whew got tired writing that last sentence . ]
You can have one with out the other .
This is your best friend , your lover and the one person you dream about going old with .
She is 18 and she 's a big girly girl .
From parenting Q & A : Q : Is it OK to talk about sex with my 12 year-old ?
For the past two weeks me and my bf was not clicking like we use to .
If you 've been dating a short time , she probably is n't interested in you anymore .
Once ; if they are the one , you  will know it .
Its NOT THE END OF THE WORLD if it goes wrong .
Brake it to her gently that you just do n't want her to be in your wedding .
Ok then do you have a job ?
Knowing you can spend the rest of your life devoted to that one person .
I heard Raz B told that to sister to sister magazine .
Oh god i m so confused please solve my questions .
Do n't be afraid , you might get invited and have a blast .
Well several different reason are you like every guy and do nothing but eat sleep shit and watch tv ?
I heard Raz B told that to sister to sister magazine .
Oh god i m so confused please solve my questions .
Do n't be afraid , you might get invited and have a blast .
Well several different reason are you like every guy and do nothing but eat sleep shit and watch tv ?
And by the way . I 'm speaking from personal experience - it does work - so good luck ! !
Ok maybe that 's just me again since I like art .
Durex , unless you want a sensation of a broken condom : )
Always jewlery or chance by channel .
And then of course there is always the naughty christmas gift .
But then kiss him and such .
This is the way families are established . Go ahead and be happy , you two !
YOU got ta get ova that shit .
Men who are best friends are friends because they trust eachother !
Take a cruise you can find cheap if you book late
Really give it to the Salvation Army
If he does n't like it-just ask him to cut it
Because , they need to decide who has a bigger rack and who is @ $ $ is nicer , lol .
No i heard that was a rumor .
At the moment i feel like fall in love at the first site .
# 1 rule never go back always go forward .
Do you get that a lot , or am i crazy ?
What do you gurls look for in guys physical appearance ?
That statment . well i am still waiting .
But if not wit untill you are really ready .
Use manners , so many people forget that lately !
Dude as long as you are not loud and they  are asllep just do it !
Ever had the girl you do n't like and have made fun of and teased suddenly be crazy about you ?
True LOVE IS WORTH WAITING FOR , HE SAYS THAT HES WORKING ON IT , GIVE HIM A CHANCE .
But with love with eyes closed .
And before you ever get married always get tested together .
Look , you ca n't keep a woman that do n't want to be kept .
Coz guys do not think twice before going for it .
If the love you have found hurts then , baby it 's not love !
And the cultural and religious differences ; we wo n't even go there !
Why god set my mind when i cannot get him .
Well it depends , especially for me .
I say this because once you cheat once you can not stop .
The more she treats me like shit the better
Men see that as criticism . even though you so do n't mean for it to be !
Yeah . i like this one girl and i only have 2 classes with her
Said he tried to kill her with IT .
Who cares if you kissed another girl ?
When we were kids we plkayed that game .
Your gut feeling is usually always right .
Yeah . i like this one girl and i only have 2 classes with her
Said he tried to kill her with IT .
Who cares if you kissed another girl ?
When we were kids we plkayed that game .
Your gut feeling is usually always right .
And i now that does not apply to all guys , but most of them !
Please specifify if it 's a gf , wife , stranger , friend , etc .
I thnk you must give more time for you are relationship .
I went crazy and bought my boyfriend all sorts of stuff the first Christmas .
Hey i think either is just fine with me but i prefer bad guys .
) ; to me you  are taking a chance both ways .
If he is so far gone to say yes , then you know it is over anyway .
And when is sex too long ( after 1 hour , 2 hours , 4 hours , etc . )
Is Gay what your intersted in ?
Try this , but whatever you do , be very genuine do n't be fake .
Or if it does n't brake up with him .
Usually during the first date the guy tries to impress you and something goes terribly wrong .
You just do n't know about it .
Could be that she is shy.Why do n't you give it another chance and talk to her again ?
Some men are sexier without hair .
When he feels comfortable with his gf .
Ask a friend to do it for you .
I could go on and on about this , but to sum it up the answer is HELL NO ! ! ! !
No , men just think that women answer questions like that .
I had a great friendship with a 37 at the age of 18 .
Try to have any details about her !
If its respectable and mutual , its a beautiful thing .
You  ARE 15 THAT IS A LITTLE TOO OLD FOR SPANKING IN MY BOOK .
Because they want to impress them
Do Not give her too much space , because if you do , that is mostily going to end up bad !
Try to have any details about her !
If its respectable and mutual , its a beautiful thing .
You  ARE 15 THAT IS A LITTLE TOO OLD FOR SPANKING IN MY BOOK .
Because they want to impress them
He said no that means there is no womenly instinct matters .
The first love it the hardest to forget !
It did n't work out for us .
So I told him that we should be friends .
Tell him though you are not a stalker you just felt like saying hi
Or did she give you something .
So tell my why do guy do that ?
I guess men just get caught more .
But hey . it 's a unique thought !
( Just have to say though , that calla lillies are awesome and you can get them in LOADS of colors )
Or did she give you something .
So tell my why do guy do that ?
I guess men just get caught more .
But hey . it 's a unique thought !
( Just have to say though , that calla lillies are awesome and you can get them in LOADS of colors )
Porn n : creative activity ( writing or pictures or films etc . )
We  are just waiting for the catch !
Man I have the same problem ! ! !
That he 's a disrespectful bastard that likes to get smacked in the face .
So i feel you need to move on and still rember your kid .
If you are religious and do n't believe in premarital sex , then do n't do it .
Yes , but make it a coupon for a blo-job or something like that
Hey , sometimes you find love where you were n't really looking for it .
If not , there 's plenty other fish in the sea baby !
Someone whose not scared to cry .
The bad boy image sometimes girls like , but I doubt those relationships last too long .
I 'm not that kind of guy and I think that guys that are , are cowards .
To young to date or be in love !
They might be feeling the same way and want more too .
Hope you find the right one .
Before he goes out dress really sexy so that he ca n't go out with the boys !
How does this make you feel .
It has been 37years now and well . what ever ?
If she fell in love , well , it seems hard .
You  are not engaged ( yet ) . so there 's really no reason to worry ( as of yet ) .
I think it is wrong to cheat .
There are two ways of cheating at a modern day .
Try getting a girl then taking her picture .
But if you want sex with him , too . then talk to him all you want .
If you want extravagant , then $ 20,000 .
So GO & KISSSSS YOUR LOVED ONES & ASK WHETHER THEY FELT CHEATED ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Relax AND IF IT IS MEANT SHE WILL COME TO YOU .
( FYI : not putting civilian guys down ) Good luck hun !
I guess ALL men need is lovin and nuttin else !
No REAL man waits until marriage !
Do I REALLY want to get married somewhere else ?
If you do n't cheat her , she will also never tend to cheat you .
Somebody said to just do it within 3 seconds .
( If she does n't pull away then she WANTS the kiss ) .
Well THEY WILL PROBLE HAVE A CELEPHONE IF THEY HAVE A PHONE THEY A PROBLE BE CHEATEN ON YA .
It 's how tight the you know what is .
How much you should spend depends on a few things .
So now everybodys happy but him !
My answer : ( pssst . is it in yet ? ? )
Do you not have grounds for divorce ? ? ?
Or is it that you want to be the female version of 'The One ' ? ?
Or wait until you get to know him better to tell him about the kids .
Just do n't get them mad by getting them drunk !
Is THERE A HEART TO LISTEN TO OR JUST A TEENAGE PUPPY LOVE ?
If someone did it to you and you did not like it , then why ruin someone is marriage ?
Both the girl I dated and her sister are very beautiful .
Get a bass boat instaed , you  will have it next summer .
Use it and get him to loose the hag .
If it does not stop report him to the authorities !
In relationships i find making out wonderful , then the last base !
Love is something that two people share .
Not weird , just do n't let security catch you !
Ask him to pick you or her .
He supposely likes and we hold hands and he flirts .
Try courting . but do not be too fast , take it slow and be a gentleman ofcourse .
Then you  will be happy and he  will be all yea ! ! !
Well that all depends on if you want your family and friends there .
And so wht if you get the girl , he 's just haten
Us guys are so afraid of making the first move . so go on knock his socks off ! !
Now he is broke and pissed off all the time .
Beside you marry him and your the one who really proposed .
Baby or Hunni . she calls me Pooh Bear , Boo Boo , Her slave . etc .
Yes go for it you love her
So take a step if she does not say not yet you have a go ahead .
Think long and hard , do you love him .
If THAT IS NOT AN OPTION THERE ARE OTHER SOURCES
It depends what hes lieing about
That would depend . are we talking years or days ? . do you love her ? . if so . yeah why not ?
Let her know you think about her .
I found a girl that I love . and I love her for who she is .
It seems small but it means so much !
What can I do to get her back ?
Love is a thing which everone do's.we get stuck in love
I fell good when i am with him but soon after i feel bored .
Do n't pull away too fast , and if he pulls you back in . well you know you got one !
1st of all- do n't marry him .
She said hes just a friend , even refers to him as her homeboy .
They NEED NO EXTRA REASON TO KISS LOL HAPPY HOLIDAYS !
Ask yourself this question . Would YOU want some other guy to try to take YOUR girlfriend away from YOU ?
She did n't cherish your love like you cherish hers .
Is it to make love wit somebody ?
I 'm pretty sure they would n't do that for you due to all the pain you  would be in ! !
They prefer them with back hair instead
If you  are OK w/ Women 's Lib , & Girl power , & that stuff , yes .
You Are girl friend had not accepted no .
My boyfriend wanted to have a baby and get married , but changed his mind . too late .
Maybe he thinks ya  will can get back together .
It probably wo n't for you if religion is a major factor in one of your lifes .
I guess you mean relationship with gals like sex or love , from their bf or husband .
You Are girl friend had not accepted no .
My boyfriend wanted to have a baby and get married , but changed his mind . too late .
Maybe he thinks ya  will can get back together .
It probably wo n't for you if religion is a major factor in one of your lifes .
I guess you mean relationship with gals like sex or love , from their bf or husband .
Other bitches call my house 24/7 and i have to tell them off .
You can do it but that is nasty and your kids would come out all wrong
The list is too long to name
But sometimes its not so n iam sure one can judge the best him/herself
Hi Kat , you have to be safe with this one .
I THINK NOW MEN AND WOMEN CHEAT FOR VARIOUS REASONS .
Why not say it if you are not married if you really mean it ?
Your questions do not make no sense ! ! ! ! ! !
Yes , go to the courthouse and ask for the paperwork . usually its only about 200 bucks .
Do exactly what your heart is telling you then .
If you did n't have sex with him .
Grow some nuts and talk to her .
Guys do n't really care too much about birthdays like women do .
If he already in love in other do n't distrube him and search for other guy .
A woman will stay with a man no matter what anyone says if she loves him
I want a baby badly too , but why make myself miserable and poor by having it now ?
Although guys rarely take girls back but girls seem to take guys back .
Make me feel happy and free
I do n't think you ever stop loving your ex .
Lol Kind Of like a caveman gene .
As far as the two of you are willing to work at keeping it that way .
I think it is a turn off only because i do not like the way it feels on my face .
Funny cuz I have that problem but I try.It helps some though .
But if your wondering why lesbians hate you , you have already answered your own question .
All its doing is asking for is trouble .
I call her my meali ' i and I am her po'okela .
Hey . you wan na go back to my place , order a pizza , and hump ?
Ask urself these questions . did he have the money ?
And if it does n't , just be happy being happy
If you like more things about then go for it .
* > BUT THAT IS COLD NOT GIVING YOU SOMETHING FOR YOUR BIRTH DAY .
I  will create one and give it up . wait
And presto you  will have you are love back .
If it works out , great . if not , no loss .
Because they are friends and family ?
Now THAT ALL DEPENDS ON WHAT YOU LOOK LIKE
Most people at my school know i am gay anyway .
Did it work , ( even if it was for a laugh ) and why ?
I think he just left elementary school , w/ F 's in every class ! !
I feel liek i should do something .
Lots of things to think about if you  are looking for life !
I Am 17 and she is been with me since i was 8 i think .
Its illegal and the 20 year old should be put away
Oh try it with the lights on !
When men talk to men they rarely lie .
Because most guys are wussies around women .
One I just never hit it off with .
I hope you liked it and use it i really think it sweet .
If she ca n't see what a wonderful person you are , then she is not the one for you .
Show ( do not tell ) her that you can fullfil all her need and want !
I really could n't tell you what it was but all i know is that its fun . and feels good ! !
Without grabbing her arm or stepping to her to be rejected .
If your mother thanks its ok tell someone else.teacher , nurse at school .
Buy HER WHAT YOU WANT HER TO HAVE AFTER ALL ITS THE THOUGHT THAT COUNTS
She will if you are nice to her and do things for her and do not be an idiot to her
Whiles standing infront/on the phone with her , of course .
Nothing it just makes the illegal , legal
But carry on , love and be loved !
My sis and bro keep bugging me and I keep asking them to stop bugging me .
Y do they always forget important dates unlike us women
If i see a cute woman , how do i ask her out ?
I got divorced and went broke . she did n't care .
I have no real advice , because I ca n't do it myself .
He sounds like he likes playing mind games to get girls crazy about him .
They say it is a mans ego but a woman she is a hoe .
Do n't no girl want to weak a $ $ man so you ca n't be a punk about it .
Blah and then call only once a week ?
Maybe going to the beach , somthing interesting and creative .
Once again trust me it work
But unless you fed up do not break up ask him why he do not give you gifts .
You need to go somewhere you can talk and just hang out and have fun .
Do n't deal anyone throwin ' curve balls at you !
Unless you ca n't afford it then do n't bother . lol .
Though he was honest , it still sucks .
Just be careful , a lot of guys are users .
I do n't know , your the one in love , right ?
See I BROKE UP WITH THIS GIRL AND THEN IT BROKE MY HEART
Well kill them with kindness has always had a funny sound to it .
But IF ALL YOU GET IS PROMISES AFTER PROMISES , WATCH OUT !
Its a friend but you can have sex and its ok = )
Try to listen before speaking you might miss out on somthing inportent
And if you love the girl the age does not matter is all about feelings .
Someone i like , attracted to , who shares my dreams !
Yea it 's possible.kids sometimes do n't come out right
Best of luck in your search .
I doubt Einstien knows the answe to that !
Be yourself and be confident and do n't let a other man take your luky woman from you GOOD LUCK ! ! !
Yes , guys never mind girls asking them out .
If you reali like hem yes you Should try to get my boyfriend back
So you should probably do it in his bed .
People are crazie bitches these days
But I do enjoy it more when I find a big guy .
To give ugly people their first kiss
If you want to have sex use your hand .
Yes . Hope it worked for you , I 've discovered that they suck anyway .
An ice cold six pack and a good game on the tube ! !
He prob wants to take it slow or become friends with benifits ?
B/c in the end you will all get burned if you do not .
You just have to wait on her , she 's out there .
Ai n't that a great news !
It 's like asking why do n't women find bald men attractive .
Lol you put the peepee in the vagina and hump hump hump
The same reasons that men cheat on women . personally i would not know .
Wow my friend is going thru that mmmm but she 16 mmmm adoption is the best
And do n't be too nice either - we like guys who are a bit bad : ) Good luck !
Try a country bar . there are a lot of them there .
Does it matter in todays world
So she asked for the moon .
Yes , but it does n't last long .
Well it would not be as special if you did not write it yourself now would it
Do Not worry you will still find someone who really is in love with you , just keep looking .
Thy looking at it that way
So even though it 's not easy move on .
It means he is still heterosexual and still alive
Get her something she can use with her husband .
Oh my god , do you even have to ask that ?
I think most people likes to have a christmass gift
So even though it 's not easy move on .
It means he is still heterosexual and still alive
Get her something she can use with her husband .
Oh my god , do you even have to ask that ?
I think most people likes to have a christmass gift
You do n't want someone that reminds you of your dad , that would be kind of creepy .
Well i believe in love at first sight but some are just a mere infatuation as we call it .
Not if that is what you enjoy and you like the moment . and regret does not come .
Just forget it and save yourself the embarrassment . trust me .
He just expressed his loe and he has every right and what had happened man .
Yeah i wood probably say yes if you were nice
I finally wised up and left .
You  are not married to the guy right ?
If she gets mad she was not that good of a friend afterall .
Then again after our third one .
Hmmm , sure you did not misspell kamasutra coz we  are going into a completely different line of appraoch here , lol .
Open for guys and chics to answer .
Is this like love at first sight ?
When you think you are mature enough to handle the drama that comes along with gettin involove with a guy !
Your heart cheated long ago if you are kissing someone else
I appreciate n agree with above answer
Other wise whatever trips your triger
Shoot that was a big mistacke !
There once was a man from Nantucket . lol
If you really like her , do something corny , like her fav , fruit she  will nerver forget .
Now I 'm with a person I totally trust and I could n't be happier and the ex is happier too .
The heck with that guy he is a two time loser .
Figure out what it is you like about both of them - and decide who makes you happiest .
If you do it online your just getting a little help .
( then eyelashes ; bf has really long eyelashes and IT 'S DEAD SEXY . )
Just TRY TO STAY OUT OF EACHOTHERS WAY .
Unless & untill you are penis enters that gir 's vagina , you r virgin .
& if things do not work out just tell urself i was 2 gud 4 him newayz good luck .
Who knows , you might be a spoiled brat who needs a good whippin ' .
Its depends if they are not phycho 's or stalkers .
Women are individuals . just tell her that you  are simple minded and have her tell you outright what is wrong .
Tessa , you took the thought right out of my head !
What do they say size does matter ?
I only say I love you when i mean it .
( watch the movie walk in the cloud )
Now , did I try to fight it ?
And instand of you being the one looking for the girl , your the one gettin look for .
Depends . are you materialistic and shallow ? . if so then YES . if not . NO . life is too short for trivial things .
Some people spend the rest of their lifes together without ever saying i love you
Do n't tell her - SHOW her .
Some guy walking down the street saw it and said You are a gentleman .
Nooo star wars is over rated and that is crap !
Love HURTS BECAUSE IT IS REAL .
How old are you and why do you want a wife
Just act like it does not matter and you will be cool .
Yes wait until you are married !
And definitely do not be a jerk if you do not want to be slap !
If you want to call then call .
With words comming from your mouth !
I do n't know what I am going to do either .
Some will tell you to forget about him , but i no that is hard .
Actually , even thinking about someone without your partner knowing is cheating .
Hi , my name is < insert name here > , what 's yours ?
Your avatar is bald , so I 'm assuming you are , too , and I wanted your bonus points ! ! )
Make him feel like he is the man !
Use people-talk openers like 'Do you know Steve ? '
And you said I was a loser .
Talking about cars , cell phones , & buddies , negative !
Shown how important he thinks it all is .
Tell him something like , We should n't be doing this .
I threatened to put more garlic in his food if he did n't back off ! !
I would not go down on a girl that is stank .
Find a distraction - school , work , X-mas shopping ( just no subsance abuse , OK ? ) .
Most women I meet are married , have b/f , or have 5 kids and ca n't date .
Yeah unless your related to them or they already have a girl friend
Do n't even try , he will see throught it .
In other words , its not like you just went out & turned up pregnant .
Give it up , girl you deserve better !
Under 25-30 bucks but is my favorite gift yet .
Hey babe ping me on coolnishith2000 @ yahoo.com .
I  will pray for you . God bless .
And IF YOU ARE , DO HIM A FAVORE , DUMP HIM .
I do n't see anything wrong with this but how do I reason with them ?
I would hang out with friends and let him wonder where you are and what you  are doing .
Get over it and do your homework !
For some , it feels like falling .
To GIVE ANYONE A REASON TO KISS EVER NOTICE THE HOTT ONES NEVER STAND UNDER IT THOUGH ? ?
The guilt trip , the unsureness , it 's all difficult , especially when you 've got the mind of a girl .
Love simply flies away when hunger knocks .
Take him out for pizza or play sports .
Looking for a woman to date
I guess to put in just one word - -kind .
Try to meet his relatives or someone friend who love him and make them as a mediator
Nope the speed of air comin ' out is toooo much
I mean you can think a girl you know is hot .
11 real red roses 1 fake red rose i love you till the last one dies
We  are not best friends , but anyway .
Go to a gym ( they  are working out , and it 's coed ) .
I just realized you said how , that 's good .
Then . no one else will appear in you are dream
You need to find a guy who actually cares about women ^_^ .
Try it out my TOP 5 - it works .
Every time I look into my girlfriend 's eyes , I can see the beach .
Perhaps you are not as snuggly as yahoo ans , where 's he now , why r you on the comp ?
I do not think they all do but i would guess that a bunch of them do
So she left me high and dry .
Re you willing to fight till the end ?
If you truly do want her back , then you want her to be happy no matter what .
You  are not cheating , you  are just outsourcing your orgasms .
You probably ca n't do it without offending him .
Remember actions speak louder than words .
It could happen to you too . just put yourself in his shoes and judge yourself ! ! !
Yes som time ilike to be alone
That was better than a man
Avoid worn-out party pick ups like 'Do you want another drink ? '
Its like a trampoline . only two can be in the air and one is bouncing
This is my first year ever having a guy w/ me for christmas .
Sounds like he just wants to have sex with you .
: ) Just remember it 's the rest of your life , how much do you love and trust each other .
You kant expect neone to love you when they do not , , , keep it cool dude !
My ex-girlfriend and i where alone at my house .
Your father will eventually come around trust me !
Takes a long time to know you are a somebody & stop accepting anything less !
Well talk to him tell him to choose because you are settingyour self up for hurt
I have been with the man i love for only 9 months and we are getting married march 25,2006
When the time is right WHAM . you got hit .
Do n't tell her she ca n't hang out with him or you 've already lost .
My mom asks for a list every year so we get something we want .
Stop LOOKING SO HARD AND SHE WILL COME TO YOU ! !
Makes you feel like you did not matter .
Do Not you think we love our parents , grand parents .
Just forget that you had a very bad nightmare .
Tell him everything but the cheating with a friend part
Yes , long as you do not have it every day ! !
Yes you should stay with him maby time will fix it .
If you like her and you feel she is interested yes .
It frowns on women who just want to get freaky .
Like in my case , i do not mind doing laundry , but i HATE folding clothes and hanging them up .
Of course that is about the when i started liking people .
But it would be great to marry a girl/boy who loves you and viceversa .
If you like empty parking lots , then stick with them ,
He knew it was not right but he did not want to be alone .
So i hope what i said helps !
I even do n't know if he is alive .
You just learned to french kiss .
It would & # 92 ; could be awkward but i think i would rather have a girl ask me out
I do not think its harmful at all .
Definitely clean , that freshly showered smell , the smell of soap and water and clean clothes . does it every time !
And THAN IF THE OTHER BITCH IS THERE YOU AND YOUR MOTHER KICK HER ASS .
Invite her over and pop in a porno
Men are individuals just as we are .
Hey i wan na be your friend
I 'm sorry that guy was such a butthole , no woman deserves that !
Try Dooney & Bourke- they have some cute bags in the $ 135- $ 150 range
I do n't care what anybody says , somebody is gon na lose a trailer .
Tell him/her how come its over/gone .
So ask urself wut is love .
I 'm sorry that guy was such a butthole , no woman deserves that !
Try Dooney & Bourke- they have some cute bags in the $ 135- $ 150 range
I do n't care what anybody says , somebody is gon na lose a trailer .
Tell him/her how come its over/gone .
So ask urself wut is love .
If you wait too long , you will have over thought it .
Maybe he wants to be friends but really would want it to go farther but is n't ready yet .
The EYES , THE WALLET AND THEN THE EARS .
But if he 's not , dump him .
It do n't need any third party applications
Get hurt physically or something else ?
How do you get back at a cheater ?
Actually i think that one of the states that start with an ' i ' does marriages for gay couples
Me and the guy broke up and his friend asked me out though afterwards .
That along makes me not want his sorry ass .
Get hurt physically or something else ?
How do you get back at a cheater ?
Actually i think that one of the states that start with an ' i ' does marriages for gay couples
Me and the guy broke up and his friend asked me out though afterwards .
If you whine he  will think you  are a b * * * * .
Depends on who you are doing it with
And ofcourse a sense of humor . chocolate and wine never hurts !
And , of course , they are young men . they want sex .
If he 's afraid of committment , then i do n't know what you could do .
Thing 'S MIGHT CHANGE ANY MOMENT FOR THE GOOD .
Love is what you make it .
You just try to forget everything good , and remember everything bad .
I Do Not Know , And trust me I have had sex before !
And how much total you have to work with .
Ya if you live in Alabama hahahhahah
If he gets nervouse around you and says stupid things .
Take them to chuckie cheese or whatever 5 year-olds like now .
Suppose he 's a duck hunter . buy her some waders .
Lose him , and do n't give it up .
And you know that he is a married man .
It is like you are kissing their .
And I know she is been hanging out with him lately .
Say somthing like hey ya want to grab somthing to eat ?
Try setting her up on a blind with a guy with some morals .
Cuz its not about him or you its about us ( the both of you ) make sure its real ps .
You got it all wrong , hon !
When you feel hurt , that means , you care for that person .
And , i have to admit , after really good sex , you get a certain feeling of primal possessiveness , i.e .
Some people are into it and some are not .
No i am one and i would not .
Um . no , unless you want to go illegal .
Some people are into it and some are not .
Or else he is dead . either way , he 's gone !
No i am one and i would not .
Feel good that you just did it ! ! !
Kaely thinks you are a dork .
Totally i ask for naughty things all the time : )
If it worked once why not again ?
But it 's like any other group of people , compatibility is n't always easy .
My work here is done , toodles !
Then you should GET ON WITH YOUR LIFE !
Just give it to him straight .
Be there for her in the good and bad as you always have .
What this do is make the girl want you more because it become like a test for them .
Or , if he does like guys , jump his bones !
Moving on , being happy , screwing his friend , becoming lesbian , please give some good maybe even funny advice .
Ok Cupid has lots of strange tests and matches you with people based on them .
Family are generally a pretty good place to start .
I think you should keep trying .
And the woman at home cat must are not good to him anymore .
Lil hugs and kisses touchin thing like that .
Why do you need a free girl fiend ? ? ?
Its true , most women want to know that they are . well wanted , and sexy .
Let her know what you were thinking from the start .
Is that what you are asking ?
I Am sorry i thought you were gay
Or an average looking girl that actually cares about other things other than herself .
Maybe try to convince him you want a lot more than just a hook-up .
All for one and one for all .
I had an ex who cheated , lied , etc .
Do n't let any kids see your dirty little christmas list !
You just have to keep looking .
Further you need not to tell , he himself will tell YOU .
This is how the whole gettin a girl thing work , girls like nice guys as friends only .
Hi , I am Kong , some call me King .
Remember there are plenty more fish in the sea .
But if you do not mean than you should not say it .
People try to hard and usually end up with something they do not want later on down the road
Someone out there is going to find you attractive no matter what you look like .
Start bangin someone else . she is most likley
Now it seems like just an ordinary , everyday thing !
Do you just not like him ?
Then you wo n't have to worry about the label , you  will be Husband & Wife again !
Even if he 's not gay , it does not have to mean it 's cheating !
Do n't bother dating , just renew the marriage & MAKE IT WORK !
I think that you should talk to him about it .
I did once , many years ago .
So . yea . it just all depends on who the person is and how honest they are with you .
No gift , that is a big mistake .
If so , weigh out all the pro 's and con 's ( make an acutal list on paper ! !
You ca n't have it both ways .
You  will never know unless you ask .
If you really love him you wold reconize that size does not matter
Do Not worry hell come to you .
I believe that some do , some do n't .
How do you know that if you get with he wo n't do the same thing to you ?
If it does not make you happy why are you doing it .
If you really love him you wold reconize that size does not matter
Do Not worry hell come to you .
I believe that some do , some do n't .
How do you know that if you get with he wo n't do the same thing to you ?
If it does not make you happy why are you doing it .
I knew how to keep my apartment neat , did laundry , etc .
Think of something he always bugs you about when your around .
Beyond that , it 's freakin ' nobody 's business !
They always think the grass is greener on the other side .
What ways can you give a guy pleasure ?
Would you do me the honor of bieng my wife ?
Belive me , what ever you decide you can handle it ! !
I do n't know a guy anywhere that would like a poem unless it 's about beer and boobs .
Just leave be honest and straight up tell them that its not gon na work .
Like emails and stuff like that ?
If she Acts like that , You probably should not be friends with her .
Some want it every day and some want it twice a month .
And the toucing things have really impoved .
Gals cheat less cos they scare being cheated by the guy she try to cheat .
It sounds like you love the person but feel that they do not love you .
Turn-on . intelligence , sense of humor , great teeth and smile , tall sexy man , men cologne turn-off . sarcasm , ignorance , bad hygeine , materialistic , unemployed
So sex it up , sex , sex , sex , sex , sex , sex .
Life never turns out the way people want it too .
The love they deserved to have
When men talk to women they have to lie a lot .
As a catholic i say after but as a hott lonly chic is say before
But , you marry you are life-partner only .
When you give of yourself , and allow yourself to love , and the other person just is n't there with you .
Find out what it is & try to accomodate . it might help in more ways than you know . Good luck !
His favorite television series on DVD ?
Without getting turned down and painfully .
They are n't as complex and tthe just need to get over thir ego .
What does this have to do with singles and dating ?
Buy her a K & N filter charger for her car !
First ask the basic ' w ' questions : who was she ?
Whatever you do , do n't give up your friendship with your guy friend just to make your boyfriend happy .
Can you guys please tell me where is a nice place to have fun . san francisco or lake taho .
For the same reason that women do . ask any lesbian !
It might not be that you are a loser at all .
YOU find what your not looking for .
We rnt suposed 2 meet people here . that is stupid
Quite frankly nice guys arnt taken serously there more looked at as the brother type not the dating type
If your a guy , 14 and with the teacher if your a girl , 21
So , be honest and try your luck !
; ) Seriously , if you do n't want her in , do n't ask her .
Than well the rest is up to you : D
It would probably bother me if he did not .
Of course you can love a person even if you are not married .
So , be honest and try your luck !
; ) Seriously , if you do n't want her in , do n't ask her .
Than well the rest is up to you : D
It would probably bother me if he did not .
Of course you can love a person even if you are not married .
I would just walk away do it just walk away and the ghost might not hear you
I got ta argue with that one .
Hopefully you are n't too old or you are screwed .
First you have to get yourself busy .
Anyway we all exagerate do n't we - let me know how it goes - info @ ianjennings.com
Show her that you took the time to make it special .
Should Not be that hard they  are easier to spot : P
Because if there is one then it will be plenty more to come
This is you just he have to wait for her
If you are a starving artist . do n't spend 300 dollars .
The true and honest love always win !
I want a man with confidence .
Heck . you just might find Mrs .
You do not have to be married to say i love you
High school ( according to my brother ) .
It means I 'm just not that into you .
Fight you are urges friends are worth more than cheap thrills .
My muscles and my eyes girls go crazy for it wat r your three best features i 'm curious ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Have you gotten him anything for his birthday ?
If you do tell her do not go into great details , mostly the mom part .
Moral of the story , do n't be something you  are not . be yourself ; - ) .
Do the I do n't what to screw up with you line .
So MANY THINGS TO DO HERE IF YOU SPEAK PORTUGESE .
Yeah , but do not show him that you really really like him then he might freak out !
Have you ever asked a girl out ?
Plus if she let us you lick her feet then you might have to fulfill her weird fetish too .
Wow , did n't know I could go so long .
Is there some unwritten rule about the girl never saying i love you first ?
Depent how deep you know each other . about common interest and a lot more .
Yes it is ok to fall in love with a young single guy
Even if the man is n't gay , it 's not considered cheating .
And I  would strap on a six shooter and make her call me Tom Selleck for spite !
But shameless flirting never hurt anyone .
Ask him if he is gay ?
Maybe you just have n't found the right girl or maybe you have n't noticed the right girl .
You can tell him its over that is what i do
With the following words coming out of your mouth . would you go out with me ?
Well you might have scared him a bit , especially if you got something expensive .
Mine is Doc and hers is Kimber
Do Not feel bad , my son is 31 and still single .
Get OUT AND SMELL THE COFFEE .
That way , they can leave without any problem .
This one does n't care about you .
Just tell her , or write her a note .
Is it because , I 'm a giant gorilla and she 's a woman ?
In other words , if your dating a gigalo , do n't kid yourself into thinking he 's prince charming .
All I can say is you know her and what she likes .
Get ready for an odd little story !
No . it does n't matter the size . it definitely is how you use it !
It 'S A FACT . I CAN DEAL WITH IT .
Well personaly you need to pick .
If there is nothing you disagree on can you just file and be done .
Well guys in a nutshell are assholes .
But if he treats you or the baby bad then I would say NO !
Also when we kiss no matter how badly I want to or he wants to move we do not .
Well I do n't see why there 's such a fuss over sex before marriage .
Maybe she 's got her eyes on some other guy and you just stepped in her line of vision .
If you hurt all the time then you need to find someone else .
And trust me . you so do n't want to mess with her !
Oh mothers . where did that come from ?
Maybee you do not know what lonely means
And anyone that says they love you would never put you in harms way .
If you love the woman get married .
Coz you have it in you are ID catchme .
Get to know the girl . no matter whether she 's larger or smaller , if the connection is there , looks wo n't matter !
She may just like you back !
If you love the woman get married .
Coz you have it in you are ID catchme .
Good cute body & style & their face & ec .
Get to know the girl . no matter whether she 's larger or smaller , if the connection is there , looks wo n't matter !
She may just like you back !
You just have to guess and hope for the best .
Out to dinner and then go have fun and do something like bowling
Sounds to me like someone is being led on .
Yuo ten to get peace from praying .
I do n't want her to be in my wedding .
Well , whatever you do , do n't have one of your parents call to break up with him for you !
I will know by ; the care and feeling she shows around me
And if they think they are , it 's a very good indication that they are n't .
Is only foolish men who cheat
Find out what she really wants , and be that if you can .
Not unless he has no desire to talk to her .
Its frusterating , but then again . a blast ! !
Tiger : Do n't listen to any of them , they are all wrong .
Sry , you all- this is like my 4th post .
Stop wasting your time and his and just leave already .
There is this guy i like and we are kind of dating but we have not made it offical .
Now I just get him things he  will have fun with .
Becuz , We are trying to train you to do wut ever we want
You do not need someone there making it bad .
Personally I run down the street an get me a Big Mac and get my tummy full/
Maybe he just likes you and is trying to fill the void ? .
Most of the nice gals are married .
I THINK THAT AT THAT AGE , YOU ARE JUST BEGINING TO LIVE .
But i would n't try to impress her by being just that b/c relationships are n't all about humping .
If he wants to be more than friends with her then he wo n't tell her what you said .
Ost ladies like when a guy can aker her laugh .
Freekin punch that so called friend in the face then ull feel warm and fuzzy inside !
Or something cute and simple like a teddy bear or even a poem !
Most guys will get over it .
Ignore him and forget about it . revenge is not worth it
I like clubs because they are loud and women always go in groups .
To some women i ` m in between it kind of matters it kind of does not matter
Out TO DINNER is always good . but do not take her to you are house . take her OUT
He cheated , how do I get rid of it ?
Yes , and she became my wife .
If you like a girl do not do not do not get to know her as a friend 1st .
Girls do that anyway , whether they are conscious of it or not .
Wait till you find the right one that you love !
And you can start a conversation .
You canalways step to him first
Your perfect guy will come at the perfect time
5th : you do n't care what they look like or anything , and you ca n't name y you like them .
And oh yeah , wear something short .
Come on guys , we are not picking on you , its a known fact !
And if you really want to get to know me call me at 307 351 2765
Let the kid believe what they believe .
When she keeps flirting with you .
Come on guys , we are not picking on you , its a known fact !
And if you really want to get to know me call me at 307 351 2765
Let the kid believe what they believe .
As a girl , I 'm gon na say it 's pretty hard for me .
When women talk to women they lot a lot .
From that it self you can tell how she is being true with you ?
That 'S NO REASON TO DUMP A BF.UNLESS YOUR A MATERIAL GIRL .
Sure she does . until he gets bored with her and moves on to his next conquest .
Women had self esteem by being a good mom and wife .
? and why would you want someone who can so easily be taken from the guy they are with ? ?
If still ca n't tell write him a letter .
Then blurt it out like a joke .
Is there something going on with them ?
Its a big step especially with a shy girl .
I got ta have it all , love and everything else .
Some men freak out about that much responsibility .
But there could be tons of possibilities why she is like that .
But i wish I did Maybe because we  are so different and always trying to impress one another .
It 's just a feeling that starts in my gut kind of thing .
Perhaps your scaring guys off . good luck to you
So I do n't know what to do .
No baby i see its free good
Gvie her time to feel 'at home ' .
Only you will know if he truly loves you or not
Get her a gift card so you do n't have to worry about anything
Oh BY THE WAY , I 'm not really that butchy , kind of in between . haha . but anyways , just had to add that in there .
I Am a man , i like it when my women shove the boo-ahs in my face
Ok , this is something I know about , this is all I can say , HONESTY IS THE BEST POLICY .
True true . it comes it goes and no one knows .
She does n't play , but I do .
I would become a sex master , after that I would get married and teach my wife all about it .
So , they had sex & the woman left him .
Danceing , then go to the moves !
Right , no , but is he really blowing you off ?
Regarding what is wrong w/ him . unknown .
But some are into big girls .
But then if you just happen to see her and liked her then you could observe her actions .
Fyi . he 's sitting behind me answering questions as we speak .
That magic only exists in fairy tails .
They seem so happy to talk among themselves and nothing else ? ? ?
I see too many women like this ALL THE TIME ! !
If not , that sucks but at least you  will know , and she  will be happy .
But all in all do something different .
And some ladies wonder why there is n't a faithful guy out there .
First , if he loves it . respect him .
Wear something sexy but not slutty .
Its a way way of showing love like any other way .
! Ha Ha Ha ! I do n't mean that.But go to blind date , Yahoo Personals , or Google personals
I still wanted to send it to him but I never got an response .
Pretend that she does not exsist .
Try asking him for a reason .
Just go for it . even though i think you should start from 8th grade and over
Once there keep in the center of the action - do n't hide in the kitchen etc .
Stainless STEEL SET WHICH WILL BE USEFUL FOR THEIR DAY TO DAY USE .
Should I tell her now , I do n't want her in it ?
You do not you each have to move on .
Girls seem to pick each others b/f 's .
Firstly - there are plenty men who like bigger women - it 's all a matter of personal taste .
Wat he does is his thing .
I can not go back to someone like that can I ?
He will probably cheat on you again .
Now she is talking to this new guy and I found out that she 's hanging out with him .
There is so much more both of you have . take the time to find it .
I do n't trust these online poeple search companies .
I , my self have been told do n't look , she will find you .
I saw him naked with her .
Let Us kiss and find out ; )
If you look for love you never find it .
I will tell you a secret .
Call me for more Questions at 307 351 2765
What if you hug all your friends when you say hi ?
Take a chance and do it
Look her up or just look for her .
Move on and get a life .
And next time do n't be so stupid and say things that you will regret .
God SAVES THE BEST FOR LAST
( at the end ask him if you still could talk about it personally to make it formal . = )
That girl is a little bit my friend .
But do n't give them that i love you stuff because that is a turn off from the start . Be confident !
I do n't think there is any thing wrong as long as you love that person
Talk to her in loving manners , but do not be too pushy .
Do what you are heart tells you .
I ca n't stop thinking about girls that i know , Is it okay for me to have sex ?
( What if kids are n't even possible ?
Sex & ATTENTION -THEY ARE TO YOUNG TO KNOW WHAT THEY WHANT .
Should i just try and ask a girl out at my school
I Have planned only a few but my input is 7-10g 's .
Pass on him some hints of you are liking .
Something she will love for ever merry christmas . comeing from the haert
If you love this guy , it does n't matter .
When you are mature enough to understand your own feelings
Yes , he 's been cheating on you .
I know what i am talking about .
So tell him and then start making a list .
No , but i would be-friend them !
And that your friends are ONLY friends !
I hate the short hair for girls .
Your own hand , or your sock ? )
Why ca n't MEN stay home and watch SPORTS on there home TV without his friends . ? ?
I do not think men should hit women at all .
Why not stay home and talk !
If you hurt someone like that then you do not love them .
It is if you ca n't tell your girl friend/wife about it .
Not all girls like rich boys and some like fat boys i hate the rich type .
Well there are probably websites for that . they are plenty of single woman though .
Who know he may doing something nice to you ?
Get A LIFE AND DO YOUR SCHOOL WORK
Buy a red cheek poweder to increase shyness cuz shy girls are amazing
Do n't bother getting too upset with this .
It depends on if you ever plan on meeting
One has the word word in it and the other has the word note in it
Come on . everybody has at least one insane one .
And make it very clear that is what you want once you 've got him on hooked .
It 's not that guys do n't want to help .
Let him know what you feel .
Chances are He will be back
The wallet is a plus though = )
I know it sounds kind of stupid to be talking to yourself , but it really helps .
Send the kids with your spouse .
Or anything else for that matter ?
Of course you do n't want to pay .
Man , am I the only one to do this .
Well , when I stop talking about it & do it right in front of him . loudly . he normally gets the message .
That 's not horrible , it 's just practical .
Well if you do not want to flirt ( if your shy especially ) then do n't .
Just think of it as a boob trifecta .
Or is it just a thing to you ?
Girls do n't want a guy that they can run over .
I 'm thick and i 've never had a problem .
Boyfriends and girlfriends come and go but your true friends will always be there for you .
23 is very young and you have a lot of growing up to do .
Ca n't go wrong w/ a single rose
Well did you boink the guy or what ?
My parents do n't like it my mom sayies well if they make you happy and my dad hates it .
Now i have a man that i am seeing that would never even think about another girl .
See it for what it is .
I sounded just like you not too long ago .
Tell your girl i bet she will think so too . !
Does it mean to trust care and respect somebody ?
He 's an ex because he 's an EX . no more !
If I cheat on my boyfriend because he never puts out ?
Probably he likes you but something is holding him back .
Hope that helps , rock her world for me bro .
As for those that do n't . it 's their loss : )
Well mainly it is just him .
If your asking that question than YOU ARE GAY ! ! ! !
Because they might like you and do not want you to know things .
Do anyone know what I should do ?
They also do n't like men of other races and colour , but you know what ?
People at school think I am a nerd
Second none of my lesbian friends hate me , they just do not find men attractive .
Until one comes along and they start beggin and pleading .
If you do not feel hurt , that just goes to show that you do not care about him or her .
Tell him that you do n't want him to do that anymore .
Is this the kid of relationship you want from a boyfriend .
No - -as long as they have an orgasm - -who cares how much you weigh !
You dony hsve to move to africa , they are everywhere .
Pick one up and give it a try !
I really like him and he asked me out last year before we did anything i told him no .
Raising kids as a GAY IS wrong and immoral period !
Good luck with the boyfriend & happy holidays .
Why not he just might be Mr .
Y bother in the first place .
I guess the only consolation to that is honesty .
I no that is how my friends are but i do n't lie i 'm already good .
Us women are no so complex creatures really . Good Luck !
If he says no and you believe him , then there you go .
How can I forget it all in my mind ?
Why do n't you just ask her and then go from there .
Sounds like an excuse . well , you can always kick the kids out somewhere .
Give her a nice and simple gift she  will love it
If your love hurts . let it go .
We MEN ARE INSECURE . REPEAT AFTER ME .
Move on , , if she wanted to find you she would have .
Just be charmin and sweet girls like that
If they are just friends , he will tell her what you said .
? . gee , If it 's his , he  will know . lol
1st consider getting a dictionary so that you r able to spell the word anniversary .
What 's so funny is he 's 20yrs .
A guy who really cares for you will make the time to call and say hi .
Do you forgive him and stay or do you figure it as a love-crime and walk ? ?
Stupid question , try writing it better .
He just want to use you WHENEVER .
I LIKE TO THINK THEY WILL UNDERSTAND AND PROTECT YOU .
So plz take right step and gv deep thinking to take any decision .
Did n't you promise to love honor , etc .
If you do not mean it do not say it .
Tell me how things go .
If you have to ask , she probably is .
There 's nothing really bad flirting to a guy .
I did not like kissing men or haveing sex with them .
I 'm a guy . and teh poems I like most are limerick poems .
I pick it up and just stare at it .
Then , hand the girl a drink , even if she already has one in her hand , say here , have another .
Never do a movie on a first date .
( that 's even more modern in thinking ) .
Let her know that you would rather leave then to cheat because you care that much about her .
One day they want space and the next day they want a relationship !
But identifying it is a whole different matter
If she freaks out around a firearm , i would n't want anything to do with her anyway .
For some one to say ' I LOVE YOU they just need to love you .
Give it another try , sometimes it takes time , if you like them do not give up
Choose one from you are neighbours house man an denjoy you are holiday with her .
But most women prefer it to be just them two .
Do Not waste your life over one girl ! !
Shit I WOULD DATE THEM BOTH .
First of all , what kind of guy says he would never * * * * * as you put it ?
Think about it . but before it- smile please ! ! ! !
Look around , grab whatever tickles your fancy and have a ball .
Yr going to be with 1000 cats and rats if do not stop it
Because they think that there is something that they are missing .
Ya got to love getting older .
You deserve someone that will only look and want you .
But IF NOT YOU SHOULD PROBABLY TALK TO A GRANDPARENT OR GREAT FRIEND .
I WANT TO BE YOUR FRIEND
Now I 'm with a girl I totally trust and she and I both are very happy .
Just do not show that you like him .
First you make it sure n test him thn you must take decision to brk off .
Just do n't let him pressure you into stuff you do not want .
Of course I would date outside my race.Everybody needs lovin no matter what
I want a fat and hairy obese woman that belittles me i am public .
Do YOU HANG WITH YOUR FRIENDS ?
The QUESTION SHOULD BE AM I IN LOVE WITH HIM NOT DO I LOVE HIM .
Do the household chore she hates most !
Do n't let him and he wo n't .
Say hey momacta let me hit that
You probably have not been looking in the right places do not worry there is someone for everyone >
Take what you can from it .
You may not realize it but you men are just as confusing as us women !
Till then , you hang in there !
It is all in your hand
It 's not a good thing to date your ex 's sibling !
It depends if she likes you too
If you guys are okay with the religious difference , then marry .
Go look up some e e cummings There 's tons of good poetry that guys like .
I am not this way , but my husband is .
Some men are just stuiped like that
But lil mamma it is doable .
Personally if i were her , i would want to go to a movie and then go out to eat .
Just spend some time hanging out .
Just accept him and be friends .
He usually buys stuff if he wants it , so he does n't need anything .
I don  t like him , he is no good for you , or you can do better than that ! ! !
Ya do what you want it is your life
It 's ok to be afraid , but do n't let that stop you !
Just accept him and be friends .
He usually buys stuff if he wants it , so he does n't need anything .
I don  t like him , he is no good for you , or you can do better than that ! ! !
Ya do what you want it is your life
It 's ok to be afraid , but do n't let that stop you !
It depends if you love him or not .
Now think whether it could happen with your ex .
Be a friend do not let your feelings for her get you further away from you are goal .
Feed that person that should keep them quiet for a while
; ) That should shut them up .
I love sleeping with me wife .
If you have to ask yourself that question , then there 's a good chance
I love him so much and do n't want the flame to die .
Trust me having sex after marriage does not mean your not cool , weak or even stupid .
Becuz they had it with someone else before
But just remember , it does matter
Tell me if you found an answer
I THINK THAT AGE ARE NOT NOTING BUT A NUMBER .
Me , I 'm not sure if I wan na get married any time soon . I 'm young and with little experience .
I have a feeling she is seeing another guy but i 'm nt sure .
But this is only my opnion okay .
So that every night he has to lie in the bed that his girlfriend and bestfriend had sex in .
I look to see what keeps her going from day to day .
Give them a hint or flirt a little then tell that you like him/her
No your not a bad person you just have needs .
I wish i was that lucky
Then you need to set a budget .
Yeah , good thing I like twilight zone music
If HE IS NOT WORTH IT .
When I told him movies , carnivals , eating out , a concert , he said So , you ARE all about spending money !
And he wo n't already have a mrs. right .
Dummy that was a dumb question ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Because men lie just because they think they can get away whit it .
Best advice is just not to ask guys out .
I do n't think its true that lesbians hate men .
I agree , there is good and bad . Just get to know them .
It gets more detailed but this is just an overveiw of it .
Give it to me if you do not know what to do with it .
My friend wants to know ( maybe that friend of mine is me . )
I 'm in one now and straight LOVING IT !
If you just want to play but are n't the serious minded type - tell her that too .
Then I toned it back a bit .
No that 's hot . what 's up sexy ?
A person only has one sould mate , one true love .
Matter of fact , me and my boyfriend  will meet ya up there because we  are gon na get married too !
Just tell him/her honestly how you feel . or do n't let her/him to feel you spirit anymore .
Because there is no one good enough for a true nice guy
Go pink girly girls love pink , and butterflies .
Slap a libel suit on her ass
I think you got the question wrong .
What the hell you talkin about
We are not the same as even a few generations back .
But do n't waste tons of time doing it .
But always communicate with her , and if she loves you , she  will brush this guy off .
Because they are from two different planets !
What the hell you talkin about
We are not the same as even a few generations back .
But do n't waste tons of time doing it .
But always communicate with her , and if she loves you , she  will brush this guy off .
Because they are from two different planets !
I would not do that to my beast freind if iwould do that iwould confese and say that iam sorry
Fox theater january 1 2006 playing ?
You should let it go and be friends justlike she sayd .
If you  are so interested , why do n't you ask him out ?
If not you will loose both .
YOU should buy her a Underwear ! ! ! ! !
When they ask me why do not i get married i just say what for ?
Too bad you do n't have an Avatar .
Try and get him to realize your not cheating first if that dosent work DUMP HIM .
Do n't worry though , there are people out there who do n't cheat .
No offense but she does not sound too interested .
There 's also this : guys just do n't like bushy privates .
I hope Kaely Lykins likes me ! !
Yea because because i have 2 home girl and we r
No offense but she does not sound too interested .
There 's also this : guys just do n't like bushy privates .
Like mouth , just lips , just tounge , etc .
I hope Kaely Lykins likes me ! !
Yea because because i have 2 home girl and we r
It depends on how she feels if she is stayed for that long i bet its good to get married .
Have fun , but do n't date again , not until you  are 100 % sure you ca n't get him back .
It is a guy thing . do n't fall into that trap . take control . and you call the shots .
If they are single , they probably want to stay that way .
I do n't understand why some girls like those guys at all .
Get a puppy , or watch the American Pie movies .
If i were you , just ask him in a flirty way like are you checking me out ?
But my friend playa to playa if you get caught up in the mix .
( at least that 's what it sounds like )
So , why would we only love one man or woman ?
Try to get everyone to care
I do not have any boyfriend so ca n't tell you anything .
But secretly they were still going out and i did not know .
This is my most embarrasing moment leave comments plz .
If THAT DOES N'T WORK THEN JUST ASK HER .
There is no amount on love .
We danced together and kissing , we did not talk much but we feel like we talked so much already .
Why so quick to throw away another marriage ?
I would also add . a kiss !
Set a date . and go from there
She is a sick woman and shame on her sorry
I hope one day there wo n't be a need to ask this question !
Dam how do you not know that ?
Why hell no . he should dumb you for being such a shallow bitch
There are a few things that I just get SO tired of asking about & I get annoyed .
She is a sick woman and shame on her sorry
I hope one day there wo n't be a need to ask this question !
Dam how do you not know that ?
Why hell no . he should dumb you for being such a shallow bitch
There are a few things that I just get SO tired of asking about & I get annoyed .
Nope do not think all men cheat .
Take an ice cube & crush it with you are feet & say now that I have broken the ice .
If he is cheating on you and with other girls then tell him what the problem is and leave .
I think that you could go to the movies .
Go out and buy something sexy to wear ( even if you just wear it around the house ) .
So explain if you want advice please ; )
If you would n't marry them . do n't date them
Coz it very easy to say but difficult to stay on words .
So there is only the girl who wants things differently .
Ye love can be at first sight
If it were me , you  would be packing your bags and hitting the road .
How you r treating and trust your girl friend ?
You call but she does not pick up .
If he did n't find women attractive , he also would n't have much interest in you !
Guess what , I lost my incentive to do these things .
And also about playing with gadgets .
And do not act like a stereotypical floozy .
Figure out how much money you will have total .
If they say no , that 's it .
I have a friend that lost his dad last year , you just got to calm him down .
Nothing gets a girl going like horsepower . at least it works for me !
Why do n't women like short guys ?
I do not know what to do
It is online dating , not line dating .
If a casual friend is asking they are just making conversation .
If SHE IS WILLING TO AS FAR AS THIS , WHAT WILL SHE BE WILLING TO DO NEXT ? ? ?
Yep and there is nothing there . just this empty space between your ears
You do n't need much to turn a guy on . we are always on
I think that is the point of the drug . not to just stay hard but also to last long
I know lots of people who use it , and at least some of them are looking for relationships .
Do Not let your relationship go bad .
. because I can see my self in them .
It means they do n't want to hurt your feelings because you obviously care more than they do
But i do believe in love at first sight.it happens rarely .
He would n't like it if you looked at other men , so tell him that and work it out .
If they ask , I would recommend saying , Oh , you !
If you have crushes on guys and ca n't imagine ever being w/ a girl= gay .
And she still shoul n't mess around she should just leave ya ! ! !
If you like this guy , go out with him .
So STOP SWEATING AND START LAUGHING BECAUSE IS SURE CAN BE FUNNY AT TIMES .
Sweet talk and get them drunk
I know i liked women from a young age .
Do Not RUIN SOMEONE IS LIFE FOR YOUR OWN GAIN !
The same thing hapened with me , he cheated on me with my BEST FRIEND .
I really could just use some advice .
Sweet talk and get them drunk
I know i liked women from a young age .
Do Not RUIN SOMEONE IS LIFE FOR YOUR OWN GAIN !
The same thing hapened with me , he cheated on me with my BEST FRIEND .
I really could just use some advice .
Dress conservativly , but still make yourself look good .
I mean how can emotions create pain ?
Because they watch too much MTV . : P
He should trust you enough that you only love him ! !
Can you send me your answers to timitimika @ yahoo.com ?
Yahoo personals is good , so is match.com
And I FIND THICK GIRLS VERY SEXY.SEXYNESS COMES FROM PERSONALITY AND SHARM .
( which is to saying , loving person a does n't take away from your love for person b . )
Well not everybody is the same there still people around with moral
If you both think it is ok then it is ok .
If you have to take a break so he can go on w/ his life , then do that .
So she obviously does not care if you get sick or not .
Just because she asked for the moon , does n't mean she  will get it .
When I first married I was almost 31 .
Being a virgin is n't as bad as many people think it is .
Cheap= Linens and things has great gifts !
That is what you call a dumb ass ! ! !
If he cheats once , he will cheat again .
Even when she 's home , she does n't really hang out with her family .
It is the invidibel ( it is in the blood )
Be cautious if you have a hard time getting away from somebody .
Honey ! YOU KISS JUST LIKE YOUR MOTHER : -0
If the men is a good person he will take you and kids together .
My little brother justed turned 21 , so I hope this helps .
No , you need to get a new boyfriend
I beleive in lust and yearning at first sight .
-what do I not like about him ?
If you guys hang out AFTER that , that means he likes you .
Internet , street corners , house of ill repute , high school/college , mall
Sports bar during any major event
Do NOT appear to just be nice to get her back .
A : It is OK and even advised .
What i feel is dat my man need to stop trating me bad .
Sure , if you are in a relationship , why not ?
After all they are just toys and you can always play with them on your own .
That what is to be in love
If you have crushes on guys and girls = bi .
Gruesome wicked . What girl in her right mind would ever dream of letting a python go , well , there . Yuck !
I guess it kind of depends on the kiss to .
If you  are a gentleman all the time she may not feel attractive .
Keep dreaming and she will be there
It BECOMES PART OF YOU THAT 'S WHY WHEN IT IS TAKEN AWAY FROM YOU IT REALLY HURTS .
Food and flowers YOU like , it 's your day do n't worry about what other people may want .
Who cares what they are up to ?
Umm do you own a toothbrush
It seems you guys have good chemistry . online .
My favorite is West Coast Swing .
If YOU HAVE FAITH .OPEN YOUR EYES AND HEART HE MAY BE ALREADY THERE .
A girl in 38y , educated , honest , good looking want a serious men , honest , faithfull . its realy difficult to find ?
Man you and show him that you ai n't gon na take his shit .
There Is the pipe dream mind games .
If YOU KNOW HOW I CAN INPROVE PLEASE LET ME KNOW !
Well does n't that nake some men hoes also ?
It feels like he is flirting .
Please help me tell my mom that i want to go out with him ! ! !
Open you are eyes you see beautiful world out is there for you
Get over her , sry but you cannot make some one love you
Had to have dropped by at least 50pts .
Call him and try to get him back
Or take a trip down there .
Think your name says it all .
But give me credit for trying .
Ok this guy that I know likes making other people cry .
They are out there . just got ta find them . just like i 'm wondering where all the faithful men are at
Sometimes ya got ta be a jerk in life to get what you want .
It came with a price - - my brokenheart !
I used to be that way because I did n't trust my partner .
) , and sit down and have a nice heart to heart .
What do girls really want in a guy ?
If that seems to impersonal ask .
Look up everything you need to know at the links below
I LIVE IN BRAZIL BUT I BEEN THERE BEFORE LAST YEAR.BUT BRAZIL IS FUN TOO ! !
Hand bag , makeup , shoes or anything that she really dream about it .
There are lots of great guys out there .
It is just not your time to shine .
Love is not hard to find , its just hard to accept .
Have your family look and ask .
Life 's too short to wonder and have regrets later !
I gaze at his smile , , if he has a nice SMILE . i cannot resist ; )
I do n't skinny girls ; I prefer BBWs .
Its not how big it is , but how you use it ! ! ! ! ! !
Eventually your dad will get over it
You should tell him that he is a DISGRACE to MEN !
Men DO IT ALL THE TIME GIRL .
Other men- well- they just do n't look good no matter WHAT they do to their hair !
But I 'm guessing you mean that you do n't want to get too wild .
But that 's just my two cents !
How do you really know when you love someone ?
Men DO IT ALL THE TIME GIRL .
Other men- well- they just do n't look good no matter WHAT they do to their hair !
But I 'm guessing you mean that you do n't want to get too wild .
But that 's just my two cents !
How do you really know when you love someone ?
You could ask any questions you like , if you know the girl .
First you have to love and respect the person you are going to make love to .
Nuttin wrong with shaving . but the snake thing has GOT to hurt !
And by the way sex is not always penetration ! !
Doing it sideways is also good b/c the d * ck really gets in there .
Anywhere . you do not have to specify that you are a xtian .
Just got ta love all those walking contradictions out there .
We are best friend and love every minute that we spend together .
Hey did not you know ? A man grades his manhood according to the number of girls he has conquered .
You deserve better , do not you think ?
Not at all it 's all about who you fall in love with : )
Well you can find out by a lot of ways the easiest way is to ask her ! ! !
Maybe give her a rose and some chocolate and tell her how much you love her .
YOU can let him talk to you when he feels that you want that
I really like to do that to I do not think it wrong , It think its very sexy and hor.ney .
Just be best friends with her daddy .
Give it time , if she is truly using him he  will find out .
It is a hard thing to do but if you love the person then it is so worth it .
Tell your new girls about her before any thing goes beyond a first date .
So jsut take this advice , at least one of you should use a condom .
You said your shy use it to your advantage .
Would he get mad a you ?
Do this out in a nice public resutrant do n't ever become desprate .
What a jerko , buy him socks and underware , the cheap ones too
If your not ready do not do it even if that means breaking up with him .
Nothing he was there before you he  will be there after you .
Never in my life have I felt like I do now .
Make you stronger or destory you ? ?
Yet , my ex had crooked a * * teeth , it was him i liked so the teeth did n't bother me .
Go on you know you want to
Plus , it may be him that 's doing the blushing !
Then you can go for it .
They say it , but they do n't .
Geocities through yahoo let us or used to let you make a website for free .
What kind of sick lover do you have .
And she will NOT stop pushing herself at me .
If you act fake we  will know .
Online dating sites , personals , church , library , bookstores , coffee shops , concerts , hobbies , gym , supermarket , etc . etc . etc . Women are everywhere !
But fidgeting and looking down and away is usualy a sign of lying .
You learn to deal with him , if you love him .
Call her and talk about your day that works !
So it is quite important that you shud b comfortable with urself .
No , LOVE DIED WITH THE SOULS OF THE MEEK
I made a mistake is no excuse .
Just go up to them we do n't beat if you treat us right
I 'm kind of a shy guy too , and noisey rooms do n't help when you  are trying to socialise .
But if you really want to be happy ignorance is bliss
If you  are worried about hurting their feelings by not saying it , then you care , so tell them that .
If you like her then yes .
Ask him to do something sometime , if he like 's you he  will say yes .
It depends on both of you !
This will not always work , but you have to take the good with the bad .
Ps I 'm a single guy Normal looking guy .
If you tell both of them about the other , you all have choices , do n't you ?
Not nasty , but it can be messy !
It depends on both of you !
This will not always work , but you have to take the good with the bad .
Ps I 'm a single guy Normal looking guy .
If you tell both of them about the other , you all have choices , do n't you ?
Not nasty , but it can be messy !
Okay - this is without a doubt the wackiest response I have ever posted .
Also you might want to get to know him as a friend .
Messy , and she can get a nasty infection from it
Smile and do n't do anything stupid .
Believe me hon , there are plently of ugly and mean gay guys too .
I like her a lot too What do i do ?
Just tell him you like him .
Ignore the ones who only think about having sex with you .
Because that is what it is ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
Now i 'm with someone and have been for almost a year now .
Because the the left hand goes to your heart
Than MAKE LOVE and one 's more say I LOVE YOU
Love always hurts and it never makes itself easy to understand !
Because many guys do not have feelings to cover up ?
Get ONE good lookin ' one and you  will be rollin ' in phone numbers .
Because they figured out how easy we are .
I do n't so much just making eye contact or simply flirting .
Nope what if she finds out your cheating
Guys try to emulate their dads .
Because a real man does n't need sex , he needs a friend .
They just never will until they loose you .
You can always try again once you desided hes done w/ his games .
Tell her you have a girlfriend already
There is nothing we do for fun .
I guess you got your answer ; )
I did not choose to not be gay , I am just not and I would not want to be .
Oh yes , he is too old for you .
Sounds like you got your hand in your pants bro .
Or if that is hard to leave and come back to him later .
Start off with how was you are day at work .
If you do not like wear it in right hand .
Do Not forget the bedroom . keep the work up in there !
As for the answer , WHO CARES ! ! !
No arguements , no ego clash- please !
Most beautiful - Aishwarya Rai Most sexiest - Penelope Cruz
This pain is so much i ca n't take this anymore .
Go for it all , bro and find out - she could be the one . Best of luck , JSP
Mine ABOUT TRIED TO KILL MY 1ST NEW FRIEND , AND IT SCARED HIM OFF .
Everywhere i go , girls keep coming on to me .
Might still think your cute , so get back to me when you two stop being friends .
Oh I would definitely rat her out .
Get smart with them , walk right up and say Can I help you ?
Here in canada we have a magizine ( among many ) called match .
Its just lust at first sight .
Best of luck finding your best answer , Ice Princess
Or he may not be interested in you
Because IT IS CLOSET TO THE HEART
Sometimes men are weird like that .
And one more thing - do n't be surprised after she gets to know you if she asks you out .
Is it really necessary when you hear the tunes of pleasure
A fat wallet asnd a large * * * * . good luck
I can give it up by sharing it with him/her
If it 's that bad then get out .
It really just depends on what both of you are looking for !
At least untill you think he tires of her and then try to make a move .
Just find someone right for you .
Then he  will play until he goes to bed .
How do i add people i meet in yahoo to my yahoo buddy list
I Am A WOMEN I KNOW , THAT IS A FUCKING DUMB QUESTION
Talk it out with her ask her why she is scard to break up with the other guy
This does not mean you cannot be friends just that your not dating .
Big boobs of coures trust me i have them and they r great .
There is one better than the other , its all in what you want .
Nope IT IS NOT WRONG SO LOMG AS YOU BOTH LOVE EACH OTHER
You got ta actually care about them .
Big boobs of coures trust me i have them and they r great .
There is one better than the other , its all in what you want .
Nope IT IS NOT WRONG SO LOMG AS YOU BOTH LOVE EACH OTHER
And if you do not write mails better write mails .
You got ta actually care about them .
But it does not mean the first glance and fall in love .
Just be careful and alert in life .
Leave you are teeth alone . just do not forget to clean , floss and brush daily .
You do n't , you let her find you .
Who ever said you have to love only one person .
Tell HER , TE AMO QUERIDA ! , AND HOPE SHE TOOK SPANISH IN SCHOOL .
A special girl which is your friend is a girl friend
Because , no-one wants to hear 'NO '
Oh , no no no . Stay where you are .
Being it for sex or love .
You like each other , so why not ?
Hell yeah rat on that hoe .
Males are never too old for females as long as they are legal
Become a groupie for a biker gang .
If he wo n't - then do n't bother .
And if they do , do n't believe it - its crap .
You know , Women have a mind of their own .
If uz a lady , send me a pic .
No the sequell is never better than the original so if the original was bad beware
I do because they take care of me .
And me and my guy have already been there three times !
Tell her , that her smile is so bad it could curdle milk , that should change things pretty quickly
Guys can get away with it - that 's the answer .
Playful , who is not affraid to show his feelings to me .
Once a cheater , always a cheater .
A basketball game , class assignment , some crazy rumor .
Does the age of a man matter to any age female ?
Eating , SLEEPING , WATCHING FOOTBALL , TALKING TO FRIENDS .
You wo n't respect yourself later and he probably wo n't either .
But hopefully you are friends or dating already .
Yea he is a sick perv and she does not know any better
I 'm trying to tell her that if goes out with his friends why ca n't she ? ? ? ?
Or just wash your p_ssy because it probably stinks .
Understand his point of view then count till million then you can take decision
What can and should I do ?
Well i do n't know but i lost mine when i was 10 , i am being serious !
It sounds like you are lonely .
How old are you and where do you live ?
By not getting answers from the internet @ 2:00 in the morning ( ha ha ) and just being yourself .
Also if you ask him out your paying for your date .
Well i do n't know but i lost mine when i was 10 , i am being serious !
It sounds like you are lonely .
How old are you and where do you live ?
By not getting answers from the internet @ 2:00 in the morning ( ha ha ) and just being yourself .
Also if you ask him out your paying for your date .
It is OK what she is having , just love her and she will back !
Busy in Work more n more and enjoying life .
When she says You Have Changed what does she mean ! ! !
As HARD AS IT IS , GIVE HER ANOTHER CHANCE , TRY TO WORK THING 'S OUT FOR THE LAST TIME .
Go to yahoo personals & tell were you want him to be and it will tell you
Why would she want to spend time with a guy that is so boring ?
I 'm not quite sure , but I 'm going to say yes because its ILLEGAL ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
If he 's REALLY nice , then of course he would finish me first .
It depends , probably earlier if their parents would not disown them for it
She is the kind of girl that i always dreamed of and that i always wanted .
Why would she want to spend time with a guy that is so boring ?
I 'm not quite sure , but I 'm going to say yes because its ILLEGAL ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
If he 's REALLY nice , then of course he would finish me first .
It depends , probably earlier if their parents would not disown them for it
White with bow already at the top for like $ 10-15 bucks !
And that is the truth . no kidding !
A guy could give me flowers and it means more to me then a ring anyday .
Too macho . but only coz some men try to conform
But this sounds like it is better to move on .
I would say 14 or 15 and +
Not asking just tempting to see if he goes for the bait .
Good looking sometimes , but mostly just rude even when they do want to hook up with you ! !
For this time i not sure where to go and have a nice experience whit him
What present that suitable to gv to her ? any idea ?
Age is just a number unless its a crime .
I am working on the same problem .
Talk to you about what , the weather ?
First ask her I like you and wait for answer ! ! ! !
( I know from experience ) Men do n't know a good thing til it 's gone sometimes .
That & getting on with your life .
Mine did it behind my back a lot . it just started a ton of fights .
I told her that I did n't approve so she said she did n't want to see me anymore .
But somehow they always end up thinking you really like them .
( I know from experience ) Men do n't know a good thing til it 's gone sometimes .
That & getting on with your life .
Mine did it behind my back a lot . it just started a ton of fights .
I told her that I did n't approve so she said she did n't want to see me anymore .
But somehow they always end up thinking you really like them .
2 wrongs do n't make a right !
Also , y did you marry him if you guys did not have anything to talk about ?
4 ) Maybe he 's a really nice guy and just wants to take it slow .
If less than 5 , it might not be that bad .
Not that I know of . try classmates.com or google their name .
( nothing sexual though ) and if he goes for it .
Just say hi you look formilyor
If she 's simple make it simple . it 's about her .
There Is this girl i go to h-s with and she is a total # & * % @ !
Go on yahoo chat or go to skate parks etc
Sorry I HAVE NOT CALLED , I JUST THINK YOU ARE TOO PRITY AND SUCH GREAT PERSON , I DO N'T THINK YOU LIKE ME .
Yes , of course i love my family very much and my family too loves me very much
You do n't have to do anything you do n't want to .
: ) After that , I would leave it alone .
Mabbe she likes 2 c you wen you r angry !
Then you 've got a bit of a problem !
Maybe because they are not worn on the right !
But side by side , a feelin'of frnship also got stronger , n she really became my frnd .
On yahoo search type find people
I m not getting why you ask such question .
And that is what marrige is supposed to be DUH !
You do n't need the cops , you need a lawyer . and a lot of $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $
If so would i be in the wrong to miss him and still want him back ?
We do n't act superior , maybe you have a low selfestime and think that boys act superior
There Is a diffrents between truly loving you and liking you because what you can do with him at night .
But if you want a fake percentage it is 43.795684 %
I have windows xp and i had windows98 on my old computer .
Yes a boy friend is a boyfriend !
I broke up with my boyfriend for the second time and he got really pissed off !
I HOPE THAT YOU AND YOUR FAM 'S ALWAYS BLESSED BY GOD AND MERRY X MAS !
You  will know right away if this is gon na click .
Staring at how big of humps in guys pants
Explain to him that you do n't want a two-timer as a boyfriend
Using you as a rebound but not even getting there .
Maybe try to see what kind of guy she is into .
You  will know right away if this is gon na click .
Explain to him that you do n't want a two-timer as a boyfriend
Maybe try to see what kind of guy she is into .
So GET YOURSELF CHECKED SO YOU KNOW THERE IS NOYHING WRONG AND IF THERE IS GET TREATMENT .
Tk care , djk or talk w tan , i bet she is nice and would be a buddy .
What were you doing before you got married ?
Maybe he 's doing it on purpose just to make you jealous !
Wen you can be comfortable and happy then that is it . you got the best way dude ! ! !
There really is not anything that you can do except move on
He IS THE LOVE OF MY LIFE BE HE WILL NOT TALK TO ME ABOUT ANYTHING .
2 inches is n't enough to get the job done .
I hope this answers your question
Move ON WITH YOUR LIFE THE CHILDREN WILL KNOW THE DIFFERENCE FROM DADDY AND MOMMYS NEW BOYFRIEND
Beacuase they can relate to them better since girls mature faster !
Only if you become his New Momma .
They just want to hit it
Shut UP YOU STUPID BITCH WHY DO YOU THINK .
Even though it might seem like it now , it wo n't be a big difference later on .
Beacuase they can relate to them better since girls mature faster !
Only if you become his New Momma .
They just want to hit it
Shut UP YOU STUPID BITCH WHY DO YOU THINK .
Even though it might seem like it now , it wo n't be a big difference later on .
- * What IsBASE ? ^What You Mean By : -BASE ? - - * What You Talking About : -By : -BASE ? - * WhatBIG 'Relationship ? '
Yes sex is love because you can then show you fellings
Is she the right one or bad one ?
If that is so try the phone book .
Good natured are the best , nothing else matters for me
I Have confronted her , told teachers and all that stuff but she will not stop !
By some really killer shoes . trust me , it helps .
Just tell he what you feel .
It 's an old mammial instinct . the more the merrier , when it comes to tribal pride . - -study bulls , loins etc .
See if he likes it or not .
The person that is always there for you no matter what .
The different , men do n't have the stigma of being labled a sl * t hanging over thier head .
If YOU DO N'T TAKE CARE OF YOUR MAN/WOMAN HE/SHE WILL GO ELSE WHERE TO GET WHAT THERE MISSING .
We do this so you will give it to us more .
I bet I  would date you . That is , if you are not < GuLp ! > -MARRIED ! -
So now the dilemma for me is that i cannot be with her but do not wan na be without her .
I lost mine at 12 and it 's a bit young .
Sorry if that hurts , but just like you size men up for their total worth men do also .
He tells her that all her friends do n't have BF and are out looking for guys .
Any of the dating sites , yahoo , match , cupid , etc .
Well i am an expert at this !
Only if you are good at mouth sex and will agree to back door sex
I know that @ least most guys get turned on with girl/girl action .
I really feel like this was a big mistake for her .
Or is it who he is ?
If you do n't feel the same way , you just do n't .
Yes do it , the worst she could say is no , and that is 1000000 better than a doubt
975 N Aviation Blvd , 310 318-5959
Looks matter ; get used to it .
Will Not you get nervous making one of the greatest decisions in your life ?
Lick dammit . more and more lick .
Now , I feel sick , because this feel like a really bad movie .
6 : can i be your boyfriend ?
You should have to tell her !
First : you are not going to marry this person , so your in no rush to be in a relationship .
Is looking him up on the internet to much ?
So i which to know every thing that as to do with love as a young man.thanks
Anyway , youwill find someone that likes you enough and will not be botherd by your ex 's stories .
Somebody I can trust and who trusts me , like best friends .
Ask things that are conversational not just yes and no 's . good luck
Believe me it 's not worth it !
If you have n't experienced one you are missing out !
If you mean do I beleve in fate .
It 's good that you look around you .
It does matter , well it cannot be tooo small ya know
Making any ones life a hell on earth is just not worth the energy .
Find out something you and him both like to do and ask him if he wants to ex .
This may seem stupid but it worked for me .
It is not just a guy thing .
( i 'm assuming they were just touching themselves . ) how old are them ?
Id say its because the guy would receive twice the loving .
Find out something you and him both like to do and ask him if he wants to ex .
This may seem stupid but it worked for me .
It is not just a guy thing .
( i 'm assuming they were just touching themselves . ) how old are them ?
Id say its because the guy would receive twice the loving .
But keep in mind your robbing him of the bacholer party .
If he just wants to be friends keep the relationship on a friends level .
Then just build off whatever she says .
Good guys are out there , it 's just so terribly difficult staying that way for very long .
Depends are there childern envolved is ex still going to be around ?
Why not try to spice it up with him .
Also by Spars read A Walk to Remember and watch the movie . Both are really good !
If i were you i would move out .
So you are an ahole for not making her feel loved .
How about with the city of troy ?
Why not try to spice it up with him .
Also by Spars read A Walk to Remember and watch the movie . Both are really good !
If i were you i would move out .
So you are an ahole for not making her feel loved .
How about with the city of troy ?
Just after it and that is it .
You better try your f % & $ ing danmdest ! ! !
Try something new and if that do not work cheat on him
We are getting married next year !
Its the same thing with my friend and I .
If you love him he will love you with all his heart
Not only should you try and date her ! ! !
Guys , just read this book . do it
Hey will you go out with me ! ! ! ! ! !
Ab - SO - LUTELY !
If you love him he will love you with all his heart
Not only should you try and date her ! ! !
Guys , just read this book . do it
Hey will you go out with me ! ! ! ! ! !
Anything done for 30 days , becomes a habit : ) : ) Best Wishes !
Depends on if it 's jail bait or not .
Since when is it ok for ANYone to cheat ?
There Is to many material things out there to buy .
How i can get her to really have a good time in sex .
Well of cource it 's ok if you love them .
I want a good girl , you want a good guy .
So if you give cash give $ 75 or $ 100 .
You need to bang her , screw him , it will be worth it .
Just have to be patient and show , not say , that it 's ok ! !
I love him a lot yet question if I am in love with him .
He just got divorced 4 months ago and is still trying to get over her .
All above only in the first meet then step by step you can increase
I am not saying that ALL men are like this but a good number of them do .
Go out to some fun place around you . like a place where people hang out - malls , etc .
Do Not say anything look in her eyes and show her affectionate kisses and something will happen
Nice guys are n't always super good looking , or gay !
I Am PRETTY SURE THAT WHEN A GIRL LIKES YOU SHE WILL SOMEWHAT GIVE YOU A SING
And exactly what is ghetto to you !
So just calm yourself and then be more of the funny and goodlooking person that you are .
Not quite sure , but neways . it is
Walk in the park - even though it is cold-you can snuggle as you walk ! !
Nah . you just need a girlfriend .
So i would advice you to stick with those that write you .
If she 's not impressed then she 's probably not right for you anyway .
You need a girl to help ya and i am one .
Do n't worry about it first off .
Right HE NEEDS A FRIEND NOT A LOVER .
Well get her something you know she will like .
You should tell him you know what 's going on and that he needs to come clean .
It means he does not like you
If he likes you he  will work with your circumstances .
Get over it and move on , no one is worth the pain you  are putting yourself through .
You  will find it was worth the wait .
I bet there is not any gift better than love
I do not know anywhere to go other than the movies !
The queen of the damned soundtrack
What the heck do you mean by that ?
( if she is in a relationship , stop .
If hes willing 2 take what you have to say into consideration then hes the one for you
They say how much money you have and such .
And he could be a kid that is 15 years old with a deep voice .
Sure.why not ? if they are of same mental appraoch towarsd life
He saW a surround sound yeaterday and it was like $ 100 bucks .
Nice guys are generally the ones who question themselves more than a typical macho guy .
But yeah , just starting out with a hi is a good way to start .
Day bay day YOU will get feelings
Well first off she does not sound like a very good friend if she did that to you .
Wants to sleep with you or maybe she does not
The SAME THING HAPPENS TO ME .
If she says that she 's bad ask her what 's wrong .
I WOULD MEET THE GUY AND SEE WHAT HE THINKS OF YOU AND GO FROM THERE
Just go up and ask her .
Guy cheats on girl to get what other girl has .
Tell her to take a hike .
You dump him and he comes backthen keep him .
If that does n't work , cut her loose . she has feelings for that dude .
But what is the worst thing that can happen if you ask a girl out .
Yes some men do n't masturbate they just do n't like to or want to .
You need to find new friends buddy .
After you give brith to a child you love it .
Before all that buy a a few condoms .
He told her he love her and he wants more then friends .
It probly looks better ( i do not spell check )
Most likely , he will only dump you again
That seems like he is either a pleaser or you are a bully .
( i recieved undu injury when the person i was with did not know what he was doing )
Most likely , he will only dump you again
I 'm a tall dorky white guy , I 've got a good sense of humor . And some looks . not alot . some .
That seems like he is either a pleaser or you are a bully .
( i recieved undu injury when the person i was with did not know what he was doing )
Girl i 'm in the same boat .
I want you ; ) my mail is hussienothman @ hotmail.com add me
Then she went crazy one day and said she just wanted a break but just wanted to be friends .
Not unless you really start having a intrest in the guy/girl !
Show her your real self and never lie .
There is no time to waste with people who do not care about you .
Ok : get satisfaction on your own ) and then try to think about her .
If it is the truth , then reveal it !
Let him go and do both of you a favor .
Uuum whisper in his ear . it depends on who the guy is .
You know they say you got have friends before lovers maye it a good thing
Ask him to use his credit cards .
More you look ; less mistakes you make .
If not , DO NOT CHANGE YOURSELF FOR HER !
If she likes you it is just fine
Like you would approach a friend you already know .
They are probably thinking of pornstars anyway !
When he said just kidding he really meant do n't get mad
Go up to her and be all do you like me , cuz i like you ?
Love is just a funny thing sometimes .
I do this 2 my man all the time , but we can do anything yet .
Your funny and good looking , right ?
Can you please clarify - why is it harder ?
If she says its just not then let it end at that .
You just have to find them .
Just keep looking till something clicks .
Well I SAY JUST IGNORE THEM AND DO WHAT YOU WANT .
If she really cared to come back , she would n't have done all that crap .
. you  will find out after . happy hunting : )
Baby , write this message again , but by fhone , kisses . +90 536 463 83 47
I do not know i m virgin .
I do n't want someone that may kill over the next day .
Beware of the prison hook ups .
At least not with any girls that I respect .
If he still makes up excuses .
Do Not delay - because there may be others waiting !
Because they  are Selffish , ignorant , or just need to get some relief . Then agian is just my opinion P.S .
I 'm a woman so trust me when i say soft , gentle sex is better .
Ask your mind then your heart
When caring about someone and loving them the sam ewhy you love your parents but a little dirty
If someone askes you to dance , go , even if you do n't want to dance with that person .
There and many fish in the ocen
Does he want me back or does he just hate me that much ?
: - ) Do n't sweat it too much if you mess up just tell her how I got engaged .
May b they do but there scared 2 talk 2 you just b urself
And what kind of 'best friend ' would use you like that ?
Oh , and myspace.com is a free one
You cannot love somebody you do not know .
Is there anything I can tell her to try to fix her brainwashed head ? ? ? ? ? ?
Do n't get married again wait like 5 years .
If things go well , ( you will know ) .
He can get in really bad trouble .
Actually , 3 hours would not even be enough for me .
Ll and his lips . now that 's a man !
Ask her to see your husbands baby pictures and learn about the family .
Neither of the above two but only thickness of the boy 's wallet ! ! !
You ca n't make him , HE has to want to .
Send a pic . show urself up . talk to him
If you just love him because you want an older man , yes .
You have to really work past it if you love the person .
Well if your on tv or movies i will love you forever
Men who cheat do not love their wives .
Then , you  will look back when you  are old and say wht the Hell was I worried about ? ? ?
Sounds like to me you got a little situation here .
If you do not mind . n you love him . y not ? # @ but this will not last long for sure . =p
He never did it again , but it was kind of in the back of my mind .
If you want a dumbed-down version .
2 parents are better than 1 , no matter what anybody says .
Do n't beat yourself up over it if its not meant to be .
Get out go date , enjoy ya life have fun !
Buy a strap on , not as good but hey .
No Cheating is cheating much like rape is rape .
I 'm lookin for the answer myself
Kenny g. actually i never have tried it with him but i bet it would be good to try .
Just wait and see - not bother much .
I like this girl from church .
What the hell should i do now ?
If you have to ask then chances are it is probably just a game .
Well , you can be nice to her to start with .
Just wait and see - not bother much .
I like this girl from church .
What the hell should i do now ?
If you have to ask then chances are it is probably just a game .
Well , you can be nice to her to start with .
Actually , ask him what he likes and go from there !
He goes out with his guy friends and she 's not allowed to go out with her girl friends .
You think what is she doin ?
She will probably be staring at you speechless and then she  will say Yes , yes , yes or something similar .
I told him i had a secret that he could not tell anybody .
And that is just stupid to say if you do n't LET him cheat he will leave .
I Am sry but age will always be an isue .
Ask him if he had any trouble finding your place , how his dinner was , that sort of thing .
If you cannot stop thinking bout he/she.If you are intimidated by him/her .
That sounds pretty screwed up right there .
He cannot possibley care that much if he is indeed cheating .
Let Us keep a secret as secret .
I mean obviously you arnt worried about the wifes feelings because your baggin her hubby . so why tell ?
Girls want rough guys with lots of testosterone .
Anywhere from 5 to 45 minutes
He cannot possibley care that much if he is indeed cheating .
Let Us keep a secret as secret .
I mean obviously you arnt worried about the wifes feelings because your baggin her hubby . so why tell ?
Girls want rough guys with lots of testosterone .
Anywhere from 5 to 45 minutes
Us guys always wonder what is wrong with some of you women .
She is married & has a child !
So why do you guys think this happens ?
Or the age difference , although that is n't really that much .
I do not know , wwell find it some kind of way .
I need like revenge or something any ideas ?
But some have messed up teeth .
Like the song says , age ai n't nuthin ' but a number , baby !
Hmm , how about Are you a virgin ?
My hubby is rude to me too .
When i say dork i do n't mean it in a mean way i call everone dork .But it reality .
And oh , by the way , will you marry me ?
I Am only 18 but come on , most 50 y/o 's will never have a chance with a 24 yr. old !
If it were just us guys I would n't even think of mentioning it .
If you do n't love , you do n't have friends .
It depends if you met the guy in real life , because love also takes actions
Be yourself , if your funny then make a girl smile .
Nope , there is nothing you can tell her , she has to experience it for herself .
Talk to him first do not wait .
Sorry to hear that that sucks big time but i agree with everyne in here
To me age is just a number !
And he just does n't want me anymore and has a girlfriend now .
And why is everyone so hard on the guy because he knows what he wants ?
Go to church and pray . no joke it works . happened to me
Get over it and move on
The only way I see it lasting , is if you can get his momma to love you .
Next time you see him , go up and talk about life .
That Is a hard one but try to do something special for him for christmas
The worst she could say is no .
Of course , though , it depends on what kind of girl it is .
To find out , go to chat.yahoo.com
Get over it . That is unless you are obsessed with them . then seek Mental Help , i.e .
Well do n't do it because that is cheating and that would be just wrong .
If you ever intend to have a girlfriend you will have to ask some girl out .
Do n't ask her in front of an audience or use pick up lines , or BS .
Keep your mouth shut and if you love him , never never never do anything like that again .
And you have someone by you are side all the time
Is there a baby already pending ?
Money and Intelligence with one you could get the other
Two months is nothing . do not stall it , just break up with the guy !
I Am scared of games , my wife was my best friend
Do n't put your life on hold .
If you need to ask this question then probably this is not the right one .
I WENT TO MY GYN AND EVERYTHING CAME OUT OK .
Yes you should love that person
Anything except making him fuck you .
Maybe he might just want to be friends .
One other thing that popped into my head .
In Heaven , so keep praying so you can get there and meet them !
They want what your lady friend has : YOU .
Nothing , its not your place to tell him .
And come up with positive answers instead .
Average guy- sex nice guy- a caring woman to love and be with for the rest of his life .
No you idiot a education is better than a boy ! ! ! ! ! ! !
A girl friend is a girlfriend !
Be nice to her and looks always seem to do the trick too .
If you are confortable and your mate is , than who cares ?
Does he have a fave sports team ?
Go out and meet new people .
Why do n't you try someone who love you too ?
If he spends his weekends with you .
You need to learn to love yourself befor any one else ever does
Because they think with the wrong head .
No , men are always capable , nothing a little viagra cannot help
Why do n't you try someone who love you too ?
You need to learn to love yourself befor any one else ever does
Because they think with the wrong head .
No , men are always capable , nothing a little viagra cannot help
Because girls think with their brain and guys think with the tool between their legs .
Now that is just common sense .
Omg i would sooo go with chris brown cuz he is sooo hott !
But i just cannot help it .
Mabey there are not mean people just people with different thoughts and perspectives that you do not agree with .
Mone on and find some one new .
Tell him hes sexy and tell him how you feel about him .
I 'm a total sucker for women with an accent .
Please anser because i need to know
Hit me back and let me know
It probably runs in their family
They been friends for years and she says she dosent want him in that way .
Note : Do n't go for the cheap ones , they  are unrelieable .
Well i would be with my wife instead of another person but that is just me .
When he gets home it 's the first thing he does .
I Am certain that the other person feels the same way but !
Well . there are other things that could mess it up , too : Pregnancy would mess it up .
Then you say , Honey , did you see the ice ?
In my opinion I gave up on dating bi women a long time ago . too dramatic !
1/ doing so , she may find you interesting ( do n't ask why ) .
And he shoes you a good time , and buy you things that being just a friend wo n't do .
Once a cheater , always a cheater .
It just means that he does want a girlfriend right now Do n't overanalyse .
Now I remember why I hate you ! '
Well if you love him and want to help him as you help him keep your feelings in check .
I would treat him better than his girl and sex him till he wants it every day
And then you  are back with them for about 10 minutes and you go 'Oh yeah !
You could probably find someone on myspace or tagworld
If they do n't know now the will when things start burning , and I do n't mean intuition !
They will ask you out and then when you turn them down they get all upset .
Even getting a phone call is no assuance they are real .
I NOW THAT SOME POEPLE THINK I 'M WRONG BUT I TELL IT LIKE IT IS .
Well how old are you and if he does not notice girls he migth be gay
All the answers you get may be just an advice .
Mabey you need some time apart .
Especially when we start talking all cutesy ?
When you say no that means no !
Or better try impressing her friend
It all depends on how much of the color you plan to wear , e.g .
I mean he plays between 20-30 hours a week .
Because I got it , but you ca n't have any !
And also ask why you did not feel love towards her before .
Well first off , MOST of the richest men only care about their money .
Brother I 'M JUST BEING FOR REAL !
Tell her directly . cuz breaking up never wait a while
Got to find out this kind of stuff before you get married forever
To rub her nose in it ?
To keep it short , move on and DO NOT come back to him .
If you were told that by a woman : it probably means no .
This makes me go gaga over chicks .
He 's my man that is all I need .
I go to school with him and I am kind of avoiding him but I want to tell him .
Um , heh , red light district , bring condoms
Does Not matter the age difference as long as you get along and love eachother
Or easier perhaps , if you can actually see the person ( e.g .
Keep that as a want or a fantasy .
But , is it really true love ?
You people on here are so incredibly illiterate ! !
We ARE GOING THROUGH SOME OF THE SAME S !
My sister married a mommas ' boy and they 've been married for over 35 years !
Trust ME IF YOU ARE WHAT IS UP THE CHICKENS WILL COME
The best thing about such a person is she/he is in contact with you always ! ! ! ! ! !
Flirt with him so he gets the idea
I think you  would have to have a foot fetish to understand ( not that I do . just saying . )
Find another man to get involved with ( dating , hanging out or just socializing ) this usually drives men nuts ! !
If you just want a girlfriend or sex , move on .
I think 16 is a good age to start
It depends how he physically feels in his mind
Does he really even make you happy ?
So yes , I believe they can last !
Also TRY NOT TO BE FAT
A CD . come on you can scrape up tax , right ?
Some girls marry/ love boys 10 years older then themeselves .
Approximently what am I looking at here in price
If you want freedom why did you get married .
Also TRY NOT TO BE FAT
A CD . come on you can scrape up tax , right ?
Some girls marry/ love boys 10 years older then themeselves .
Approximently what am I looking at here in price
If you want freedom why did you get married .
S & M is only to be attemted with someone you really trust ! ! ! ! !
Chad michael murray , johnny depp , freddy prince jr. , travis barker , and many many more
Is it good to try to be there for him and be so madly in love with him too ?
I think she will go out with you .
Respect her too , this rule applies not only to girls but to boys too . to everyone .
I really do n't care what other people think .
Last address is in quezon city , metro manila and her maiden name is imelda aldea
Average looking well figured lady are the best
If YOU r looking a relationship with a stranger means , that you r fedup with you are life partener .
You look nice . and see where the conversation leads .
If he digs you then there should be no problem .
5 : are you looking for a boyfriend ?
You do n't need a boy to make you happy .
I HAVE READ SO MANY WHAT SHOULD I DO ?
Toby McGuire , Bill Murray , or George Clooney Yes , I said Bill Murray
Wow . how old are you well mmm try hard to get him back and you are love
It ALL DEPENDS ON THE GIRL OR THE GUY .
Do I give him a li ' l hug ?
45 seconds may be just fine for one couple and another may need hours .
Hey your husband and i both ca n't see you .
Yes if your son is 21
Id someone looks like a slob , they are a slob .
Hi i personly go for the guys that flirt and are not shy !
Do you have to ask at the front desk or is it by like the deodorants and shaving stuff ? ?
Hey your husband and i both ca n't see you .
Yes if your son is 21
Id someone looks like a slob , they are a slob .
Hi i personly go for the guys that flirt and are not shy !
Do you have to ask at the front desk or is it by like the deodorants and shaving stuff ? ?
It 's called trust if you do n't have it you do n't have her .
Because they are full of shit . he has a bad soul .
( very important to make her curious ! )
I guess , both situations are mutually exclusive !
If so then tell him that fair is fair .
It means that he 's not ready to get in a relationship right now .
I like my women a little on the trashy side . but clean . lol
Man id say , wait at home and so you would have nothing to loose .
This is the type of thing i would tell my younger sister .
If she does n't even like you , well then you  are history .
It means that he 's not ready to get in a relationship right now .
I like my women a little on the trashy side . but clean . lol
Man id say , wait at home and so you would have nothing to loose .
This is the type of thing i would tell my younger sister .
If she does n't even like you , well then you  are history .
I do not know are you ever rude to him ?
And then take a public speaking course .
It is best way to trap the girls and so you are a GURU . lol
But not how they die or at who 's hands ( if any ) .
Do n't call him , do n't see him , and do n't let him do the same to you .
She wanted me , i made the move , she refused me and made me look like a fool ,
YOU might just like both that is ok
Stay busy , and most important love yourself first ! !
How about dinner and a movie ?
And I 've got better than that .
Just say Well , this has been fun , but I have to get going .
Well first of all . be yourself , everyone else is taken . so you need to figure out what suits your style .
Of course they should be married first .
That 's it you have got your mail back .
He wants you to pick the girl that he 's going to have sex with to get revenge on you ?
If no then you did not need him no way .
And i agree with the other guy pics help
Call to say she misses you ?
Masterb * tion . it is sex with someone i love .
Hello AGAIN , PLEASE WEAR LESS CLOTHING .
She is STUPIED like other girls .
You know the saying . If something is too good to be true , it probably IS .
Getting an STD , AIDS , or pregnant is n't worth the risk .
They are the same age but they do n't get , well you know that close !
Hello AGAIN , PLEASE WEAR LESS CLOTHING .
She is STUPIED like other girls .
You know the saying . If something is too good to be true , it probably IS .
Getting an STD , AIDS , or pregnant is n't worth the risk .
They are the same age but they do n't get , well you know that close !
: ) ( If you can get her address . )
Ofcourse yahoo is gr8 try it it is cheap and goooooooooooood
Other guys would n't lie about a thing like that .
You have standards and you should wait until you find someone you love .
Now I feel she is seeing someone else @ work and it 's driving me crazy .
Try new things , switch it up !
When you already have answer to that question . then make your move .
I ca n't find any girls to go out with at my school , what should i do ?
This one will get you MAJOR points with her ! ! ! !
Just do n't give it away though .
Do Not lead him on , that will hurt him worse .
I love him . Am I crazy ? ?
Ask him to help you undress.hint : wear a lot of clothes .
Because you told me yesterday that you were married and you had n't had sex in ten years .
In fact some of the best sex i ever had was with an average guy .
No , if you do not want him frenchin you its your decision
Chatted with you on Yahoo I AM .
If not then maybe at the mall ( I do n't really know about that though . )
You DEFINITELY HAVE SOME ISSUES WITH THE MALE GENDER
I am hoping it is not because of the friends I hang out with .
* T BUT MY ANSWER IS THIS YOU LEFT HIM FOR A REASON .
But if he is cheating , then I would n't put up with it , once a cheater always a cheater !
Usually 18 year old guys looking to go out with younger girls just want sex .
Take you are bf to a cheap motel .
And THEY TAKE RESPONSIBLITY FOR ALL THERE ACTION THAN THEY ARE OLD ENOUGH
I wan na have boyfriend so bad !
Your madre ( you cannot come back from that )
Mabey he thinks you want nothing to do w/ him .
You just got ta figure out what it is you do n't want them to have that they want .
Looks , personality , honesty , and confidience and not exactly in that order.Same things guys look for in a girl : )
If it is a guy like you , more power to ya .
Or am I faking that I know anything about faking .
Get a new boyfriend and have so much fun with him you forget about your ex
Do n't worry about things like that .
Reality , it takes a lot of work though to get one , lol
What do i do to find somebody ?
So bad that he was saying some pretty mean and hateful things .
Do n't ask why- it just happens that way .
I have been with this guy since May .
The only thing that would make a guy worthy of your love , is if you are worthy of his .
Get another girl to hang all over you in front of her .
Try the Highschool lol well you asked
Nothing We just want to know things ! !
Some girls are sensitive to a guy telling her he is in love with her .
Just do n't let him bully you around .
When you get married you should cling to your wife and noone else .
Do n't let her off the hook easy .
Keep her gifting her as and whenever you feel .
So your postin a message so obviously you think you got ta chance !
Date her if you want to .
Which means she only had one guy and none for years already .
I am 21 and I am the most mature person I even know .
If you r in an affair you will know it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
A qustion for you , are you a homosexual ?
Hi , 4 yrs back i saw a girl n fell in love with her .
I guess , if you keep chasing the feeling you  would get hooked .
If your a boy you like boys a lot ?
Ignore her . she 's not going to pay your bills if you lose your job .
So I need to know and find out some new fun places to hang out .
At last both of them will finger at you .
If you like her go and just be natural .
Sorry = [ Anyway , I do n't know what to say about your dilemma .
They ARE HUMAN BEINGS JUST LIKE YOU .
He could have one and not know it !
As A FORMER CHEATER I DID IT FOR THE SEXUAL PLEASURE ONLY !
She will in return . be optimistic !
You should start watching out for her .
Now I am a guy and i am talking about faking it .
Also , guys are not nearly as adept to picking up on hints as some girls would think .
I like people who love GOD .
Then got lonely and hated it .
First kiss . Somewhere special that you  will both remember .
I met my bf online , he lived about 5 hours away from me .
Meet him and see if you get disappointed
It 's not such complicated that other contries think
If you ca n't tell . then you  are not because when you are , you  will know . and you wo n't be asking that question .
But you can lay in bed and think about her .
There 's things that guys fantasize about , and then there 's reality .
Just talk about other guys like he talks about girls .
Trust me honey , you have plenty of time for all of that stuff .
Hey just dump him and have no regrets . unless you wan na do drugs ! . let us lead some decent moral life guys !
YOU should just brake you are friendship up wit her and forget her and move on with you are life
If he looks like he 's gon na puke , just turn it around and say that it 's another friend date .
Well i know one thing there is always a way thew hard times and troubles .
Why DO YOU WANT TO DATE SOMEONE WHO WOULD CHEAT ON YOU ? ! ! !
Do i make a secret public ?
I live in santa monica , california .
If you are talking about guys , you have not found the right one .
I mean that is virtually up to you to decifer and your parents .
Try GOING TO THE LOCAL CHURCH
Love your ex , but only make Love to your current boyfriend / baby daddy .
It would be nice to see just what it is that is so attracting to these girls .
No i do n't think we ever forget our first love i know i have n't .
Punch some dude in the face
Because they do n't want a realtionship with you .
I thoght about the same thing , but i do not think sprint pcs can do that .
I feel normal and it 's OK that I 'm gay .
No i hate them i wish theyed all die ! ! ! !
Do n't ever regret anything you do .
Do Not do that , if he cared for you he woulndt want you gettin in trouble
So wat is the deal with that . guys tell me wat you think .
She also thinks she is bieng cute .
It 's just like Myralys said , you just know .
But ONCE BACK TOGETHER THE LIES AND PORN WILL START BACK .
Always be busy even when I am not .
If he slept with someone else - do n't give him a chance .
Not excatly but always be cautious
He  would say it was just entertainment for him . yea right .
Do Not waste your short life like a ping pong game .
If you really want out . get out .
Is it really other men you want ?
A nice loving guy that loves you for who you are
You are only a kid once in your life .
You SHOULD KISS YOUR GUY WHEN YOU THINK IS THE RIGHT TIME .
And that is the way they feel about you too .
Is it really other men you want ?
A nice loving guy that loves you for who you are
You are only a kid once in your life .
You SHOULD KISS YOUR GUY WHEN YOU THINK IS THE RIGHT TIME .
And that is the way they feel about you too .
Ask him out first , of course
Or he may not know what to say to you if you go out again .
. which do you think is worst ?
Plus , the first nut is gon na be the fastest .
The sex will be mind blowing .
Much as if a person lies once they will probably lie again .
Either that , or wait for some girl to ask you out .
Tell her exactly what you posted up there .
Or do I sound to pathetic ?
Because some times it just feels good to let out emotions
Jump off a bridge in front of her just kidding
Once in friend land , you are not getting out .
I am happy being me and you should be happy too .
It must have been pretty bad .
If he calls you just to say hi and buys you surprises .
Especially the nice ones who are n't picky about features ? ! ?
But if you must go get really drunk and run to vegas before her buzz wears off !
If she is not willing back off !
Well it depends on what kind of women you want man
Tell her what you feel , give her a shock . check out !
Especially the nice ones who are n't picky about features ? ! ?
But if you must go get really drunk and run to vegas before her buzz wears off !
If she is not willing back off !
Well it depends on what kind of women you want man
Tell her what you feel , give her a shock . check out !
It is more noticeable on your left hand than you right
Yeah , me . big legs , and big thighs . hehe
At 7/11 you do n't have to ask .
With A NAME LIKE MR. BIG DICK PRICE SHOULD NOT MATTER
2 : how many relationships have you been in ?
Hope this helps in some way or other .
He says he is not cheap .
Do not cheat , never ruin a good thing .
Be POLITE AND DO NOT BE VULGAR MOST WOMEN DO NOT LIKE THAT .
I want to wear something nice so that I look great but not sexy .
Well honestly speaking i do not think its love at your age , its just infatuation and curiosity .
He 'S MAD THAT HE CA N'T FIT HIS HUGE THING IN THAT LADY HE LIKES .
If she is the blunt type then you should ask her and not beat around the bush
Take her out on this New year 's eve , go anywhere and have fun ( go to restaurant , cafe , park . ) .
I was young when we got 2gether & now I want to have fun & experience other men .
It 's just going to make both of your lives miserable .
Run like Hell is after you , young'n .
On the other hand what right has any married man have with a mistress ?
Depends on what you mean by online relationship .
Hehe , okay , kidding , but I do n't know , both colors are very spring-y .
It 's just going to make both of your lives miserable .
Run like Hell is after you , young'n .
On the other hand what right has any married man have with a mistress ?
Depends on what you mean by online relationship .
Hehe , okay , kidding , but I do n't know , both colors are very spring-y .
Please e-mail me back about who your friends name is , and when did I date her ! ! !
Overt revenge is stupid , and puts you in jeopardy .
Nobody is too good to be true .
Try and join him in playing .
Belive in you are mind then follow you are heart
I feel really bad because his looks are really bothering me .
If that does n't convince him , he 's not worth it anyway .
Bad or good . your stuck with it !
- * You Ca n't Describe A . Love Moment ? [ Sad . ] : ( .
Just a guess on that last part .
There are tons of wierdos out there who like it and use it to get themselves turned on .
Oh honey - you better believe there are plenty of good people out there .
Good luck it can be done !
I got ta tell ya , you sound like a fun date !
Just a guess on that last part .
There are tons of wierdos out there who like it and use it to get themselves turned on .
Oh honey - you better believe there are plenty of good people out there .
Good luck it can be done !
I got ta tell ya , you sound like a fun date !
Then ask . once you ask do n't back down or say nevermind or anything like that be consistant .
Just as I said . my ex .
You do n't have to say , i love you if you do n't mean it .
Maybe IF YOU CALL ME , I WOULD THINK YOU DO AND ILL BE SO HAPPY .
Do n't go overboard trying to be her friend .
I Am a girl but i think its true . what about priest . i do not think they would
No way . how bout you meet him after skool .
Get a new guy , or if not try to wear highheels around him
Only if you let it go past flirting
That does n't make it right though .
It 's just chemicals in your brain , baby !
If you want a GIRL , do n't EVER be her friend .
It 's ok , you can make a great couple either romantic or just friends ; it 's feelings what count
Enjoy being a kid while you can !
You must be not so pretty
On the posative side I learned alot .
If you act like a cocky little moron , we  will know that too .
Give him a time for the stuffs he is doing .
Also is it right 4 me 2 have sex ?
I do n't think i 'm unappealing but how am i suppose to get some love from him ?
We talk everynight . and I cannot even deny it .
If yes , means she is OK for been as she is now .
So I have no idea what to buy him .
How rude and not to mention creepy .
There Is no going back.But yeah you got ta be wet .
Maybe you have to just wait and see what comes your way and see how that works out
I  would say just be nice and compliment her and that  will go well .
Well here i am i will your friend ! i am a people person if you want a new friend
It lists what your looking for
And , you  are still dating this jerk ? ?
And , I 'm going out with another guy .
You know for sure that you definitely wo n't go out with her if you do n't ask her out .
If not , do n't take him back - no matter how many red roses he sends .
If you find that too expensive give her a big teddy she can hug while she sleeps .
Shop at walmart on a sunday
He should be appreciative of socks and undies- but c'mon- who really ever is ?
He 's telling people lies about me .
YOU cannot make him truely love you that takes toime and compatability and his decision
Ya , if girls do what they say !
Just looking for all answers so no more extra info as of yet .
I broke up with someone recently and he 's not taking it well .
They  will be okay and now you know . do not go walking in on them or anybody else .
Do N'T CALL ME AND IT WILL CONFIRM MY SUSPICION , THAT YOU DI N'T REALY LIKE ME :0 (
Maybe cuz its aligned with your heart
Is it you want to get laid or you want him to love you ? ?
If hes cheating and your cheating its not worth it .
In todays world we have things that can kill you like H.I.V .
If it 's truly love , then the man wo n't cheat on his wife .
Wait , wait and wait , but not for too loong . e.g .
Most women like jewelry , like a sterling siler charm bracelet . but personalize it with an inscription ,
It 's probably more like $ 70 per person now .
If she goes 2 starbucks 10 to 1 she is to old 4 you
Because the looks are n't there forever and then what have you got ? ?
Most likely she  will get the hint that you like her .
Or you could pretend you were giving out surveys : excuse me .
First , if he 's cheating dump him .
Slow Ride by Foghat Big 10 Inch by Aerosmith Slide it In by Whitesnake
No he is not , but be sure whatever you do try to focus first in your education and career .
I THINK ITS NICE TO HAVE SOME ONE PERKY
Well , if you can get it corrected get it done .
Easy , train yourself to want the girl that you can get .
I guess that just means he does not no .
You do n't , if was ment to work out then you would n't have broken up in the first place .
A GIRL TO BRING HOME AND ONE THAT CAN TURN IT UP WHEN SHE WANTS
Excellent sex , but lack of trust because of insecurities .
If she does not like you move on .
But it was the first thing i noticed when we met .
Walk up and whip it out ?
I  would say just end up next to her and say hi and how are you .
His and the girls maturity level .
Not only men , but women also cheat and it is very simple , humans are not meant to be monogamic
But it was the first thing i noticed when we met .
Walk up and whip it out ?
His and the girls maturity level .
For me things are going pretty well .
That IS NICE , AS LONG AS IT 'S ME AND TWO GIRLS , I 'M GAME .
But is it just because he 's nice ?
Or if he do n't wan na use a condom , you use one yourself , they make them .
You only think they are nice .
Can i get a credit card at yahoo the best of all if yes than you are till great
Go to a concert , a club , a play . make a date at home !
Hey man it 's no secret ! have you ever heard opposites attrack ?
Give her the cute puppydog look they cannot refuse and see what happens .
At that age the boys are pretty eager to get laid anyway .
I do not know the nitty gritty details but sounds like you never had to go threw this before .
If not , then you  would better get away from him , and seriously consider reporting him to the police !
Enjoy urself for not being in an affair . time comes for you to enjoythe affair too ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
If that does n't work , get them really drunk .
My husband thinks that I am !
A transvestite either by default or by cross dressing
But good people are out there .
Tell him its over he needs to get a life if he likes it or no .
Some guys do n't care about looks at all , yet they still prefer attractive women .
You ask him to do something that guys hate doing , and he says yes
Are you comparing your stats with the 'average ' ?
But that 's the key- you got ta get one first .
Kissing , touching , and fondling is cheating too .
Olso if you ask out a girl and they turn you down flirt and she will reconsider : ) !
Just make sure you do not do it when she is with her friends .
Are you comparing your stats with the 'average ' ?
But that 's the key- you got ta get one first .
Kissing , touching , and fondling is cheating too .
Olso if you ask out a girl and they turn you down flirt and she will reconsider : ) !
Just make sure you do not do it when she is with her friends .
The only reason they  are nice is cuz they do n't want in your pants , cuz they  are gay !
I have a weakness for goth girls !
Is there really , cos i ever felt .
If she refuse YOU , YOU cannot bare that ( if YOU r loving her really ) .
That does n't mean I would ever consider actually wanting to be with them . Is that shallow ?
Let Us hope you meet the one who loves you soon ! !
Send a copy to her parents and you score x 2
We need more men like biglips . out there .
Etc make guys think real hard 'n almost got nerveous .
Nothing , because she is your ex .
Check OUT TONY ROBBINS NEW DVD ABOUT RELATIONSHIPS ! ! !
It is ok to be gay .
It does not mean he does not like you . unless he actually says so !
Do Not give yourself up to any man because most of the time that is all they want .
You should tell her your feelings
Just ignore her and get on with your life .
Hire a blond maid to do the work for your wife .
Just give it a little time .
I think to much tiime past
Say it with your eyes , jestures and smile a lot
Tell HIM TO BACK UP OFF YOUR GIRL ! !
But 4 MO AI N'T THAT LONG FOCUS ON THE HELPING MORE THAN THEY LOVING
Reason : Ya got ta fit well together , right ?
Dating , you mean like movies and that ?
In short you need to grow up and be a adult .
Hey , that dress is becoming on you .
But he also wants me to find the girl !
Be completely honest and then stay away .
Use a condom & protect yourself there are sexually transmitted dieseses out there you know .
Stop taking bath and using you are deodrant ; )
Helped me seperate myself from all this kind of garbage !
It is defenatly husband and wife .
Just make sure its not illegel
That they are the ones that make waking up every moment a reason .
Get a small vib called the silver bullet , rub it around her CLITORIS ( lol ) that will drive her crazy !
Hell NO that would probably ruin the relationship so do not do it if you really like him
The BEST WAY TO APPOROACH A WOMAN IS BE YOURSELF .
But you do n't actually do it . does that make you violent ?
If you are on the floor then you are a mat , huh ?
Hell NO that would probably ruin the relationship so do not do it if you really like him
The BEST WAY TO APPOROACH A WOMAN IS BE YOURSELF .
Ok come on my start . if it says YES THEN ALL THE BEST MY FRIEND
But you do n't actually do it . does that make you violent ?
If you are on the floor then you are a mat , huh ?
Just let her know you love spending time with her , NO matter how long you guys have been together .
, this is the best question
Be honest . girls think its cute when guys are shy .
1 ) Do n't use you are tongue in kissing her .
No , beacuse if they are really in love no but if not its wrong .
, this is the best question
Be honest . girls think its cute when guys are shy .
1 ) Do n't use you are tongue in kissing her .
No , beacuse if they are really in love no but if not its wrong .
That 's the best i could really come up with . Good-Luck !
May be its real because you would not know the value of things when they are with you .
Its his lack of self confidence .
You Are flaws make you who you are , otherwise you  would be just blend in with everyone else out there .
By this i mean , are you doing what you really want to do , are you happy , generous , etc . ?
So there is a very fine line between love and hate for real .
If that does n't work , get with me : )
Guys like nice watches , pocketknives and gadgets .
Its up to both of you .
While i suppose that i is possible ; i do not think that its very likely .
Ask her what she likes best and surprise her wit sumthin new
He will do it again , Scumbags always do .
I hope i hav n't upset you but i 'm not going to lie either .
Anybody know how to go about it ?
( both are madly in love w/ eachother . )
And if she does not believe you she will not about anything.talk to her in person .
There Is more fighting and killings because religions .
I can do anything for my family .
The same reason girls do not ask !
Act like you care about wat he says .
And if she does not believe you she will not about anything.talk to her in person .
There Is more fighting and killings because religions .
I can do anything for my family .
The same reason girls do not ask !
Act like you care about wat he says .
Durex brand of condoms r the world 's best
My guess is she probably does so you have nothing to worry about I 'm sure !
Get her a single red rose she will love it !
Oh AND NOW I PLAY THE GAME MORE OFTEN , LOL ! !
Sure i  will go for ya domepeice7 @ yahoo.com
Of course , if I was on you I  would be coming too !
And they have been together longer than any of my straight friends have .
I think so , especially because she might have std 's .
Do all what she says till you are purse is empty
Probally because we 've all been single and liked it for awhile .
You MUST THINK AND DECIDE , WHAT IS THE ADVANTAGE AND THE MINUS !
Hmmm . when you are out with friends its kind of hard to get other 's people attention .
40 . HavE You sEEn the MovIe 40 YeAr Old VirgIn ?
But plz do n't talk about shopping or anything else work related unless it is FUNNY .
I WOULD GIVE HER A THANKYOU CARD , THEN MOVE ON WITH MY LIFE .
Am I selfish to want my husband home ?
Spray a little of your perfume on it .
If ITS WORTH IT TO YOU , DISCUSS HOW YOU ARE FEELING WITH HIM AND IT MAY CHANGE THINGS .
I 'm got no experince i 'm looking for others to experience with romance
Hi I am normal dude but i have a problem .
Well if she likes who you r not wat you r then you should just tell her .
Hahahaha 8th grade . are you serious . do n't worry about boyfriends . concentrate on your REAL friends
The answer is : All guys have a same strategy : geting you layed in bed .
- * I 'Agree'With : Shy Rider- & -Rafi ; { Just To Keep - ThingsShort- & -Simple .
My MOTHER IN A GOOD WAY
Start acting like a bad gal with action packed expressions ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Heck NO ONCE A CHEATER ALWAYS A CHEATER
Who could be sure that they would n't cheat again ?
He/she is always in your mind , even though you are asleep , you even dream of him .
Um . you 've been talking on the phone for a while .
I know someone out there can help .
Does that mean that if I Am good at sex I cannot be trusted ?
What should i do to get his attention ?
Banging a 30 - 38 year old hot mom .
Anyway , I hope things work out for you .
Advice - she 's going to say no or she 's just trying to wrap you up .
I like my girl to be a nice lady in the street and a freak in the sheets
Its kind of up to your parents .
YOU just have to trust her then respect .
Guys usually do n't care , not men .
Just remember if you do call him do not do it all the time , there is no need in smothering him .
Now i m in a dilemma , SHUD I GET MY LOVE , or SHUD I RETAIN MY SWEET FRIEND . ? ? ?
Sorry , But i do not know how 2 contact you any other way , thanks 4 the help !
So , what makes guys like me any different , you ask ?
It 's not like they stay at home and cook and take care of kids these days : D
I do n't think it is fate .
You  are finding the wrong kind of guys .
But thinking of relation with stranger is not gud
You have sex with your girlfriend .
Love is just being in their presences makes you happy .
I asked him and he said that it is just fun .
Has she hinted on anything at the mall or something like that ?
I see no reason go , have fun- just make sure you are protected
- * What You Talking About : . STEREO TYPE ? -Huh ?
He cannot just have you whenever he wants - - only if you are ok with it .
Hell pays you back 3 fold later .
And I JUST THINK MEN DO N'T CARE ?
I suspect that she and her lover broke up , but I never asked .
Well you can have me and get your mind off of her ( my e-mail is cent_ciara_disey @ yahoo.com ) .
Yes him ask to marry you and no not wedding ring
But both sides have their up 's and down 's .
Offer yourself to him for free .
Me and my boyfriend were happy until this person ryan , came in the picture .
Did i mention lots of good sex .
I THINK YOU SHOULD TAKE MORE TIME TO RESEARCH ABOUT WHAT MAKES MEN TICK .
If you have to ask this question this is the best answer you should get
Offer yourself to him for free .
Me and my boyfriend were happy until this person ryan , came in the picture .
Did i mention lots of good sex .
I THINK YOU SHOULD TAKE MORE TIME TO RESEARCH ABOUT WHAT MAKES MEN TICK .
If you have to ask this question this is the best answer you should get
Had SEX WITH MY XS MOM AND HER AT THE SAME TIME
Do n't know if that  will help at all .
Some people just do n't talk alot .
No matter what happens she is to busy tired .
I Lord over all that is ours . at least I like to think that .
1 : what do you look for in a relationship ?
Maybe you need to spice it up ?
I know this from experience , I get all stupid when i talk the girls that I like .
Maybe the hair would n't have been so bad without all the makeup that went along with it .
I DO N'T THINK IT 'S RIGHT , BUT IT 'S THE TRUTH ! !
Is it just me or is her answer telling you it 's o.k .
Remember what 's good about you Keep yourself busy and Give yourself time hang on
It IS A FILM AND ALSO A STORY
Then go back to being funny , stern , enigmatic .
For one your disgusting wait til your married then you will not have to worried about all that dummie
Will you please please give me a chance ?
A lot go to waste everyday .
We just pretend to be that way to be polite .
What ever you do , do n't yell !
Even girls would want a little shyness from their guys .
My honest , straight from the hip answer is , NO !
If they cheated on their spouse ( like you are ) then how long until they cheat on me .
` coz that ` s the best way to let emotions come out .
I was patient . i waited and well i found the love of my life .
If sex is involved , then all he wants from you is that .
Girl , its NOT YOU , its his thinking is off .
I would be a player player go out with both of them they are the hottest of them all
Just smile at him and say hi here and there , it  will throw him off .
I Am a guy ; i know all about it , trust me .
No because they would n't be able to get the internet down there .
If you both really like skiing , then at the ski hill . Something like that .
Then buy some chocolate for her .
Do n't give them any cheesy pick up lines .
I 've been seen my girl in my life .
Edit : did n't john hinkley have some of fixation with jodi foster ?
No i am not cheating if you wan na know .
Of COURSE YOU ARE FREE NOW TO DECIDE BECAUSE YOUR CHILD HAS BEEN THEIR OWN FAMILY .
Tell her you  are an axe murderer
The one you get from someone you love
He may not be exactly bored of you , just give him a little space .
Tell him the truth with raised head
And give love marks . we just love it
Some guys have lots of trouble going from 'seeing someone ' to actually being boyfriend and girlfriend .
People are mean because they have nothin better to do . i am nice but then again i bite ! ! !
He may not be exactly bored of you , just give him a little space .
Tell him the truth with raised head
And give love marks . we just love it
Some guys have lots of trouble going from 'seeing someone ' to actually being boyfriend and girlfriend .
People are mean because they have nothin better to do . i am nice but then again i bite ! ! !
Finally love is placing their happeniess above your own even if that means your not together .
Over a man that I thought she should n't date !
I love my family very much .
No , definately not . I would n't expect most guys to have a preference at all really .
YOU can talk about things they like and if it 's a girl , start dating
How about just a half day ?
Unless you are job is respectful and its good to have a spouse , its your choice .
When ever your ready , its all about time .
And , no - - I do not work for them !
Best way to attract da ladies .
Write them a note and put it in there locker
Get in bed and stick his penis in you are virgina and lose you are virginity !
Only if you  are ugly does a man want to be your friend .
Any KIND OF SHARING OF INTIMACY OR EVEN A DESIRE TO SHARE INTIMACY ! ! !
Best of luck and have fun !
You Are thinkin about love , love 's thinking about you .
Follow Nike 's motto - Just Do It !
I call it the I love you if .
^how- & -What Way IsSTEREO -TYPE 'Used ' For : /With : > Love ? Huh ?
Make it unforgettable I got a big bag of rose petals .
Is she someone you work with ?
Think deep ya  will . lol . this is a good one , huh ?
Because I Want Them To Be
-the 1st time we date , i have already take her to my bedroom and lie her beside me .
Yea really , let him be a kid , your still a kid at 10. let him believe what he wants .
Not if you do not want to have sex .
Everytime you go home with a new porn you will be more excited than anything
I Am sorry , they are all gay .
Girls do n't want to die , but guys only care about getting off .
Well she did , whitch is not my problem cuz he does not like her anymore ( that me and everyone knows of ) .
Boy boy girl girl whatever , just someone to love and to love you and circle the wagons with .
Yes SIR , YOUR BARKING ON THE WRONG TREE .
Begging is definately not a good reason to sleep with anyone , especially when you are seeing someone .
I do n't believe completely with this kind of love cuz meeting makes each other clear and faithful truly
Well ask him what he would like to do . pick somthing together that both of you would enjoy .
Boy boy girl girl whatever , just someone to love and to love you and circle the wagons with .
Yes SIR , YOUR BARKING ON THE WRONG TREE .
Begging is definately not a good reason to sleep with anyone , especially when you are seeing someone .
I do n't believe completely with this kind of love cuz meeting makes each other clear and faithful truly
Well ask him what he would like to do . pick somthing together that both of you would enjoy .
* Because most of the girls do n't give a fuck for their boys .
I do not know , i want to ask the same question
Lust IN THE HEART IS CHEATING
I would have to say love because friends move away and you are lover probably will not .
When in doubt , ask what she likes best .
First , either your friends are not writing you or you do not write them .
It 's easier to get younger girls to have sex with them .
YOU r 2 old to have you are first date
Mabye he will ask you out
When in doubt , ask what she likes best .
First , either your friends are not writing you or you do not write them .
It 's easier to get younger girls to have sex with them .
YOU r 2 old to have you are first date
Mabye he will ask you out
14-17 , you guys are such pussies , oooohh before marriage sex ! !
Because that is their nature answ3r3r
If not you only wasted a little time .
First take it slow and passionate and then do it hard but gental .
Couple 's Therapy , I know it sounds dumb , but belive me it really does help .
14-17 , you guys are such pussies , oooohh before marriage sex ! !
Because that is their nature answ3r3r
If not you only wasted a little time .
First take it slow and passionate and then do it hard but gental .
Couple 's Therapy , I know it sounds dumb , but belive me it really does help .
I feel like I love my guy , but I do n't feel madly in love with him .
Be lying naked on her bed holding a rose in your teeth
Start up a conversation , i 've read in a magazine before that funny people most of times think faster .
No offence to that girl but i have one word SL * T !
Well , it might mean she really likes the ankle braclet . gesh men are such jealous creatures .
How to pick up a girl at work ?
Let me know how that works out for ya .
They just got ta have it , and while not all men are like that , I 've heard of quite a few .
Girl you should tell someone for they get hurt
He WILL NEVER CHANGE , I HAVE N'T AND WE WENT ( MY WIFE AND I ) THRU THE SAME THING .
How to pick up a girl at work ?
Let me know how that works out for ya .
They just got ta have it , and while not all men are like that , I 've heard of quite a few .
Girl you should tell someone for they get hurt
He WILL NEVER CHANGE , I HAVE N'T AND WE WENT ( MY WIFE AND I ) THRU THE SAME THING .
Heck , like a guy with good teeth .
Just do n't go solo , it makes the grrrs mad .
Then why would he stay in just because you got mad .
I did , & I 've been deliriously happy for over five years now . Just follow your heart .
I married someone I met online .
Heck , like a guy with good teeth .
Just do n't go solo , it makes the grrrs mad .
Then why would he stay in just because you got mad .
I did , & I 've been deliriously happy for over five years now . Just follow your heart .
I married someone I met online .
Probably because you like your choir director .
Not only does a guy have to worry about guys hitting on you but women also !
I feel 16 is a great age to start but that is just me .
Yes i would not date a 11 year old cuz i am 15
And also think of having a baby of your own child/children someday !
So that is when greed sets in .
Almost all relationships start as lust . people like what the see in the physical first .
Just like you know you  are in love , you know when you or the one you love is n't .
I did not know greeen was associated with sex i always thought it was like red
He swears that nothing happened but I mean come on it 's a sex drug !
High school is stupid , people can be mean .
If one hot girl is good , then two would be great .
Now that is just 2 young where are her parents
Do what is in your heart
Josie , even if you tried to except him , hell never change my boyfriend is the same way .
High school is stupid , people can be mean .
If one hot girl is good , then two would be great .
Now that is just 2 young where are her parents
Do what is in your heart
Josie , even if you tried to except him , hell never change my boyfriend is the same way .
Sometimes girls get louder or try to act like they  are having fun in front of the guy they like .
With homosexual sex , it wo n't just work
So , IF YOU THINK IT WOULD BE A MORE ADVANTAGE FOR YOU , WHY IT CA N'T WORK ?
This is the ex i found in bed with another girl .
It depends on the girl charcter
My friend has a horrible boyfriend . in my opinion ! ! ! ! !
But that should not stop you from really enjoying it !
What women say have different meaning for them and for men
Well I must say as a guy .
It means you made yourself a challenge to her when you said you did n't want a glimpse anymore .
Please DO N'T CHEAT ON THAT MAN ! ! ! !
Its all about me me me me me .
Do it naked if you have to .
By walking . that is usually how people approach anything : )
And you said that you  are good looking , that 's already a plus for an ice breaker .
Match.com The gym College Borders Self help meetings ( we all need at least 1 catagory )
Trust ME ABBYRAE , THEY ARE NOT : - ) ; - )
Ok girls can change their voice to get what theywant .
Life is what you make of it no matter how old you are .
Cheating does n't solve anything but lust !
I think when it 's time comes.that can come anytime.so i am waiting
Take a break from both of them . who is it that you  will miss the most ? .
I do n't of another man when i am out with my man .
Then could i be faking IT .
It does not sound like you really love either of them .
You should listen to your head , you  are obviously doubting .
If he ca n't respect that then that is to bad .
You feel it in your heart .
Talk to your man about everything .
Answers from females would be helpful
You should listen to your head , you  are obviously doubting .
If he ca n't respect that then that is to bad .
You feel it in your heart .
Talk to your man about everything .
Answers from females would be helpful
No it 's not wrong to love !
I would n't cheat on my wife if you placed a gun to my head .
You just have to let time go by .
Just ask her once why and if she does not say then leave it alone .
This only prooves that you do not truly love your boyfriend .
And there is to many diferent kinds of reigions .
Do n't dwell on it and it wo n't be an issue .
Face it you do n't have a marriage .
Friendship is telling the truth to you when others wo n't , listening , not judgeing
I STILL BLEED AFTER SEX BUT AT LEAST I KNOW THERE 'S NOTHING WRONG THERE
You preggo or him being mean ?
Brains can give you good looks .
3 wrds to pronounce , do not speak english huh ?
Where should i go from here ?
Why do not you save the poor women and just get a divorce !
Rockstars love drugs and strippers right ?
But i am not.just think and try not to grow up too fast
I think you should dip his ass and leave him .
B'coz , YOU r stranger to her .
No they do n't , and do not read ladder theory .
A lot of guys are jerks because they are insecure .
Give him a chance to grow up .
Do Not tell cuz if you do she might act or start doing dif .
What does not kill you only makes you stronger yep remember this
Anyhow , best of luck to you !
I say both because a gurl loves pleasure n the size really does matter
Actually silence does n't always mean the person is bored of you .
Do Not tell cuz if you do she might act or start doing dif .
What does not kill you only makes you stronger yep remember this
Anyhow , best of luck to you !
Actually silence does n't always mean the person is bored of you .
Not to say that this is what is going on with your hubby .
So i please request you to listen to you are heart .
Basing on that , you know what to do .
Here comes the clue train next stop is you les3nday ! !
If you truly love him , no .
I am straight but i have gay friends .
I certainly do not want kids at the mo .
Telling her your name and telling her that she looks beautiful . start there
Yes he is too old for you
I feel its to each his own .
I am straight but i have gay friends .
I certainly do not want kids at the mo .
Telling her your name and telling her that she looks beautiful . start there
Yes he is too old for you
I feel its to each his own .
But as for the guy wait .
Ah , the old hump & dump .
Ask you are heart it really tell you correct answer .
If you want some ideas , then we should talk !
Just because you H says he ended the affair does n't mean it 's really dead .
But as for the guy wait .
I 'm going to lay it down like I see it though .
It sounds like both of you need to grow up a bit before either one of you gets married .
Ask him why hes been acting so shady and chances are he does not even know he is .
Yes i would because this might stop his behavior
Because THERE IS NO MORE GOOD MEN THEY ALL DIED WITH MY GRANDFATHER .
Not sure what you mean by Will I get him ? ? ?
But does n't mean it 's going to be easy .
Just ask him what he wants .
Alot of deep thinkin needeing to go on .
Otherwise you should find a foreign BF !
Its like all mental . if you do not hit it off in the head first the rest is all sex .
Try going to chat rooms under chat philippines .
YOU should be pure before you are married
They  are beautiful , sexy , and great fun to be with .
. i am guessing you like her and so you want her to like you back . well good luck .
Do whatever he wants in bed .
But hey , whatever floats you are boat .
Or good people do not exist anymore
For some yes and some no .
Brains , looks are good but to get somewhere you need brains
See if he really likes you and then ask him out .
I am also going kind of of scared too .
But what that makes them different is their taktics ! ! ! !
Do n't be stupid and enjoy the moment .
You may have already tried this , but switchboard.com has woked great for me in the past
Say hi , n introduce yourself . then make conversation
Just be your self the first thing you need to realize is that yo are special .
Ok well to turn hom on a good trick is to like rub his ear .
I say if you like her ; then go for it .
Its obvious that he just wanted your body .
But most of the time , I do n't at all .
Not all guys want one thing some are true sweet hearts
I just want to be friends & nothing more .
So basically if that is what floats your boat than ride it Girl ! !
Basicly , one way to tell is if you  are flirting with this guy and do n't realize it .
Some women do , and some men enjoy it also .
Well married women should not have a boyfriends body to comment on !
Next time he show signs that he might .
Basicly , one way to tell is if you  are flirting with this guy and do n't realize it .
Some women do , and some men enjoy it also .
Well married women should not have a boyfriends body to comment on !
A friend , a lover , and their middle leg .
Try thinking will i like her when you see a girl .
First off if your only contemplating doing it because HE wants it then you need to wait .
Ok mail me at mewmewcrystal @ yahoo.com for help that is if you need it .
I would suggest you tell your man first so that he would stay away from that girl .
Whatever you do do n't say it if you do not mean it .
Throw HeR A SupriSe WelcOmE BACk PaRtY !
It wud encourage homosexuality . n that is certainly unnatural !
Would be , odds are you can do better for less .
In my opinion there in no reason to cheat . just leave the person if you are not happy !
I like this girl but she is popular and i am not as popular as she is .
Find what you like shemales bi-sexual whatever you feel good with .
I bet she is hot , too , like you !
I use to think all men were jerks but it was just the local I was in .
So always try to look at things from every angle .
Tell your ex_bf to get lost .
Age IS NOTHING BUT A NUMBER .
No way , what if you get cought ?
If that person truly cares about you they will back off and give you time .
I know a girl who got promised with a rifle instead of a promise ring , and she loved it !
He 's just not that in to you .
Too many bad boys out there .
: ) I am single and attractive but a tad bit sht at first .
To me it would be my wife !
Before I got married I had one year in college as a computer graphic artist .
I must side with GETRD2GO above . married women with boyfriend ?
Do Not plan any thing just be punctual on the wedding day , ,best of luck , ,
Do Not let other people tell you who to hang out with and who not to .
This is not having sex but your b.f. might like it enough to stay .
And HOW CAN ONE GET ONE ?
Because they want their girl/boyfriend to get near to their siblings
Once I realized this , my next relationship really worked because I did n't need it , I wanted it .
But if he has changed , or is willing to change , then try getting counsling or something like that .
If ALL ELSE FAILS - USE YOUR HANDS ! ! !
Ll Cool J definately . Got ta love those lips lol
Well to this day she is still talking about me !
Because you love or care too much .
No becuase once you get married you da n't have sex anymore .
Do what feels right to you .
Sure.at least she is experienced.but it will ruin your friendship probably .
I need ideas on the best way to propose to her .
Well . Being a lesbian , I 'm often around gay guys a lot . and trust me honey . Not all of them are good looking !
Tell her that its gay and annoying .
Older women like nice men , and younger women like jerks .
So , keep it new and interesting ! !
And if your considering cheat just double check you care as much as you feel you do
Then maybe you  will get some action !
Do you have gay chat rooms for teenagers
And do n't lead her on afterwards .
She Is GOING TO FEEL LIKE A PIECE OF SH ! T .
I told her every thing clearly and she said she will think .
Because most people make the mistake of just blurting it out .
When will men stop being such .
So have fun looking for the right woman .
Its the god spot , its what is missing in lots of peoples lives
He has more issues than you know and you ca n't fix him , do n't even try .
And i wanted to see who else is in love
Boyfriends and girlfriends do things that other friends usually do n't do , so they form special bonds .
Well I GUESS BECAUSE GOD MADE YOU THAT WAY .
Do n't always smell like a guy .
When you see him in person . give him some love if you know what i mean : )
Do n't break up with him BUT DO NOT CALL HIM ! ! ! !
Females chimpanzees do not have orgasm .
= I  would like to have sex with you .
I had a baby 6months ago .
For the simple reason that we , men , love you ladies .
You never said that you had everything and he had nothing .
There is no real good answer for this ? ?
Its not like he is going anywhere .
I watch adult movies with my hubby .
Men are kind of like dogs .
If he is serious after three months .
Always Back off if you hear these unfortunate words .
And he came and talked to me in both of my dreams .
We do and we do not have feelings fro them . most of our friends are guys
I am a guy and I can honestly say , that porn is disgusting .
I think this is true . well for me it is and i think alot of women do .
If you love them then talk about it and ask but do n't expect to much .
Take your time and whatever you do , do not do the porno tongue flick .
I mean , he is basically saying Gosh it is tough being me .
Maybe you are bf found a really insecure girl in hopes for a jell-o pitted cat fight !
You  are certainly attentive tonight = Is sex all you ever think about ?
Once her and I broke it off - I knew alot of other bi-sexual and gay women .
I HAD MY HEART BROKEN ONCE AND I SUFFERED ALOT .
Run away screaming and waving your hands !
And believe me no guy wants someone that is really loose .
Go up to him and say i am sorry i thought boys were sopose to called girls .
I read a lot and am not what you would call attractive at all .
But are you sexually attracted to women more than men .
The ones that do that , are totally not ok as human beings
No just learn from your mistake , but do n't hurt your girlfriend
A good spa days always nice .
A place where wan na be gangsta 's and rappers hang out
Do you think she would leave her husband ?
Just close your eyes and give it a go . : - )
Send him this text message : hun , my phone died , but my love 4 you never will .
A necklace with a heart charm on it .
If not be careful and be yourself next time you go hunting for a wife .
Just let them hang out support your friend do not let it get to you .
Let your best friend yvan tell him
Even give them a little timer to watch .
Tell her what she wants to hear .
But there guys and their usually hot .
Who Ever Said Yes is Very WRONG That is a no no
Yes . hell i have fallen in love every other night with a ton of female movie stars . lol
Her sentences are starting to sound like , I ahhness got ahhness an A+ ahhness on my ahhness math test .
She will understand then if she is she will open up to you. no worries
They will follow around your wife and find out if she is cheating on you or not !
Yes , if they really have a true love .
Did n't I just tell you I took them all and turned them into lesbians ?
Yes , but it will hurt you , so pick one !
Once i found out for sure i told him and he proposed .
If you guys had so much fun , I doubt he just lost interest , especially since he is still calling .
Would n't you say that you are attracted to him , like him . ?
Keep it on a do n't ask do n't tell policy .
The best thing would be to ask , What 's wrong ?
I think you might just love what your not getting .
Christmas is not about gift giving .
If that does n't work then he is not as mature as you think . Hope that helps .
He do n't even look at me like he wants me but he wants to marry me , why ?
I Have heard that the first time ( i am talking about sex ) is the worst time .
Just ask her wull you go to the movie theater withe me tonight~ it is easy to do~
My daughter still talks about how he treated me .
Mean but if she is cheating on you she diserves it !
Need to decide who 's more important , you are boyfriend or you are friend/roommate .
Men either do or they do n't .
Or is she not telling you because that something could harm you .
One day , I 'm gon na leave you and guess what .
But if they do n't mind y should you .
I think its ugly and disgusting .
He 's sketchy . She did n't catch it until recently . that means that he 's been playing without rubber .
Everyone has different ways of doing things .
The best way a man asked me out was just so innocent , he asked .
Gay guys are more into things girls like ( shopping , decorating , accessorizing , etc ) .
Well you can always learn more about them then do things they like .
Ask him to hang out with you and be really nice to him maybe give him a gift
Please do not beat . normally that makes things worse .
Caue you spend too much time with strangers on yahoo then meetin people in real life
I have lots of great friends .
He knows hes not the father .
A woman 's most erogenous zone is her BRAIN ! !
Only she knows what is going on . so you HAVE to talk to her .
Because they r afraid of their own sexuality .
And they really do make her look fat , do n't say that .
Smarts matter because laughter can only get you so far .
Just . do n't kill her , that would be a bad idea .
But find out the age thing first/
A lady in the streets and a freck in the bed ! !
Are you interested in this girl ? ?
Meaning what is good to do on a date
Not bad to love him , bad to wreck his home though .
Dude . whatever you do do n't give her a peom .
You should care but if she really loves you she would n't let you go
I could n't imagine not being married , but like i said , everyone is different .
Good luch with the great danes !
I like doing things guys like to do like skateboarding and we even are a band ( i play drums ) .
I do n't know , but if you find out let me know !
I keep going back and forth .
I would n't give it to her .
Why on earth would any woman want that ? !
No matter how you say it , it 's going to hurt like hell .
As many times as you want .
I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dreams .
Means you need to follow your dreams !
But right now . you just are n't in a position to be that person .
Your not only fooling them but most importantly your fooling yourself .
Depends what your lubing . KY for sex or wd40 for other lubes
Will ill let you go deeper
Also girls do have alot more hormones than guys .
But She just broked up with me last year , and I do n't know why .
Ask her out and see what she says .
How do i deal with this ?
By The Way I am not saying Arts students are not decent .
I was 19 < Male > before i lost my viginty to my wife ! ! !
What you need to ask yourself is can i deal with this for my life .
Yeah it depends on the guy and the girl .
Do not comeout and say I want a divorce , that word is hostile .
If either boy did n't work out I always had the other one .
So you just need to wait onother one the same dream : D
There is this other guy that loves me and is going to ask me out .
We only heard of guys want to marry more then 1 gal .
Pay her and go home to your wife
Does he drool when he stares ?
Like a dinner at her fav .
Sexy goes both ways , so try acting like you are and you will be sexy .
Maybe he wants you to ask him out .
It would be alright for barbie ! ! !
Then USE THAT ANSWER TO BASE YOUR NEXT BIT OF CHAT ON .
Ask her or catch her in the crime
It was a very funny dream .
Maybe he wants you to ask him out .
It would be alright for barbie ! ! !
Ask her or catch her in the crime
It was a very funny dream .
I could have went the rest of my life without ever seeing her again .
Get him a box of condoms and say let us do it sexy i think that will work
Hope this works and can you tell me after words if it does or does n't ~shivani~
I was asked out by this guy yesterday and i said yes .
= I  would like to have sex with you .
How do i break up with the other guy without hurting his feelings ? ?
Yes i houp you vill hapy new year
Take him to small claims court
Just try i mean if it 's big then ?
I hope your wife reads it online !
If she will not sign it tell her to hit the ROAD .
I would just break up with her . that is messed up
But does not no that i am going out with the other guy .
Please - only swingers respond to this question ! !
It 's pretty hard to find the total package , do n't care if your a guy or girl .
You just got ta let things go once in a while .
By The Way , begging for ladies on the internet makes you look oh so slightly pathetic .
No way if you just met this guy you should not let him move in with you .
Sounds LIKE YOU ARE IN A CASUAL RELATIONSHIP NOW .
Pretty people can be very ugly !
Try watching it with him , you might enjoy it too .
. and do women take this as a source of breast enlargement ?
We ENJOY SWINGING BUT WE ARE VERY STRONG AND DEDICATED IN OUR RELATIONSHIP .
And if thy shoot you down .
By The Way , I 've NEVER kissed a guy ! ! ! !
Only Pigs actually enjoy havin sex 4 pleasure .
Just say nice things about him or her .
Sorry . I hope I 'm wrong for your sake , but I do n't think I am .
So think about that before you start digging .
See if your guy friends have friends that are single .
Get out there and do stuff that you like , and he will be there waiting for you.Good luck !
Just wondering and support you are answers ?
When YOU FIGURE IT OUT . SEND ME ONE
You DO NOT IT WILL CUM TO YOU . ]
Yeah , Go Ahead I mean I do It all the Time .
Also be well mannered , be a gentlemen , chivalry is not dead yet !
I think dating older guys should not be a problem .
Sometimes you get lucky and someone spills it .
Ask yourself if you love men .
You get to know him , you get to know everything .
I cannot stand looking at my reflection .
You MEAN A LONG TERM RELATIONSHIP.WELL , WHEN YOUR CASUAL RELATIONSHIP MATURES TO A FULL RELATIONSHIP , YOU WILL KNOW .
Women : do you or would you and why ?
If she enjoyed/wanted it as much as you , then sure its gon na only help you .
Ask him and do the first move
That 's my two cents any way .
They are out there i promise !
How about , Hey , I need more sex !
Well you have to turn them on first then it is all on from then on .
If anything 's wrong you can always make it a kind of a joke .
Look in his eyes , try to read his eyes or heart if you know him pretty well
If no then your first time should not be bad .
Best Of Luck , Ice Princess P.S .
A straight female , openminded , a mother , sexually active , intelligent !
He wants you for sex and nothing else .
= I  would like to have sex with you .
Like : Hi _ did you see _ on TV last night ?
If your askin this question then you need practice .
I look for a guy who is going to .
They want to see her full lips on or around their !
I just had things that he did n't and he had things that i did n't .
And he always leaves without telling her .
Just do n't expect to fall in love in 10 days unless you actually meet your perfect match
Or YOU CAN JUST ASK HIM TO BE UP FRONT WITHYOU !
There must b a reason for you guys to have broken up in the first place am i right ?
If the like you back , or you think they like you , just go for it .
Do younger women see 38 yr old guys and think no way he 's old ! ? ?
Not long because they will ask to se you soon so just get it over with
Do Not make a big deal about it .
Perhaps she likes you too much and is afraid that she is coming on too strong ? ?
It  will be hard to leave , but GO NOW !
Bcoz you do not have chance to love other guys girl friend .
So he would call me next and so on and so on .
I love him and I am going to marry him but I do n't want my family to disown me .
You NEED TO STAY OFF THAT SHIT ! !
Be confident in your self , but not self absorbed .
Sounds like they  are busy with their own lives/friends/whatever .
I do not know what to tell you .
Most of us are like this .
When your wife says What the . ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
Plus , if you are a bad conversationalist then you do n't have to talk too much .
Wy WIFE DID THE SAME THING .
( they will say it does n't matter but it does ! )
They have a list that may be helpful at weddingchannel.com
She wants romance , charm , wit , comedy , and you have to be good looking ! !
She says i want to have sex with you .
And i know all of st8 people who have had them too .
But there is a saying - LOVE IS LOVELIER THE SECOND TIME AROUND , and its true .
Cut THE SECURITY BLANKET AND MOVE ON , YOU ARE ONLY COMMING BACK BECAUSE IT 'S EASY TO DO SO .
She wants romance , charm , wit , comedy , and you have to be good looking ! !
She says i want to have sex with you .
And i know all of st8 people who have had them too .
But there is a saying - LOVE IS LOVELIER THE SECOND TIME AROUND , and its true .
Cut THE SECURITY BLANKET AND MOVE ON , YOU ARE ONLY COMMING BACK BECAUSE IT 'S EASY TO DO SO .
Well 2 tell them easy just tell them it is not working out and we should just be freinds .
Leave him and find a good guy .
6 months you should be pounding her but good because in 12 mo .
I have a alot of guy friends ! ! ! ! ! !
Do you want 2 try to stop loving ?
Do Not flip its not like he can just forget about her after all she is his ex
( Do not say anything like 'you seem like a nice guy , but . ' , this will just encourage him .
Either way she 's setting the pace .
Some guys are different but i can only speak for myself .
Remember that the cops wo n't be there 24/7 covering your backs .
By the way nosey family , welcome to outlaws I mean inlaws !
Because if you get married he will not stop he will just hide it .
So like a horse cock transplant .
A NAUGHTY GIRL IN THE BEDROOM , IN THE KITCHEN , BATHROOM , STAIRES , HALL , LIVING ROOM , IN THE EVENING . AY !
What if you ddo and he turns out not to be who you expect him to be ?
Listen , can a leopard change it 's spot no !
Just GIVER TIME AND SHE WILL DO IT WHEN SHE IS COMFORTABLE .
Let me guess , this thing your tangled in , do n't feel good does it ?
Maybe you should call and step up .
That 's so you know what to scream .
What if you do do all the little things and she still dose n't come around ?
Yes i would because you do not like to share guys with another girl so yes i would be upset
I know he cheats on her bkoz him and my bf talk about it all the time around me .
You love someone and you wan na show it that you love him so much .
I would n't do it if I were you .
Guys do not care , at least the ones that are not homos
Luckily , I am not that shallow !
Look him/her straight in the eye and say firmly , That is not nice .
I just find it extreemely unattractive .
But if you are old enough to make your own decisions and you truly love this person !
I have dated someone i worked with and it is too ackward .
You will not know until you ask
When in doubt , whip it out : (
For some women , they think that its kind of gross , but if I was your girl .
Because you all are more put together and clean looking .
Show her what she 's missing out on .
Sorry I gave you herpes is a good start .
If he got a girl . let it go .
But there are SOME good guys out there .
And that is what happened to myself .
Yer co-worker . one who 's up to a date as much as you are .
Well honestly i think you should be 15
Yeah but only the pictures of my boo .
If the father does n't like you and your baby then do n't marry to him , later on you will regret .
If you can answer these 3 questions then yoe if not try to strenghthen you are relationship w/ her
They do n't they want a free ticket to the usa .
If they never call back that could probably mean that they are not interested much .
If he is playing you he will stay with her and keep leading you on .
If you do n't belive me talk to a mind expert .
Well you really do n't know.you just feel that you r in love .
I met my wife that way . was n't entirely looking , but just made myself available and voila .
A vacation . somewhere nice and romantic . you  will be compensated : )
Yep i 'm in love and would be forever .
I do not have any mirrors in my bathroom or in my room or anything else .
If she likes movies , take her to a movie !
Keep gay male friends , they can tell you things about you a woman wo n't .
She is everything I want , no more , no less .
A post nup is after your married .
Have your wedding at the local Shotgun Pete 's ( I hear it 's like 20 dollars there ) .
Maybe if you ignore him once in a while , he might come around .
I do not think a women would date a gay man .
Guys look at guys all the time , sizing each other up
Give HER AN BANANA AND ASK WHERE WHAT SHE THINKS OF WHEN SHE EAT 'S IT
A best friend is like a Sister .
She  will be all over you like stink on pooh !
Also , you could ask him out - It 's okay to do that now !
Even the virgins go down on guys
If you really ca n't trust him just tell him so he should understand it and except your decisson .
A best friend is like a Sister .
She  will be all over you like stink on pooh !
Also , you could ask him out - It 's okay to do that now !
Even the virgins go down on guys
If you really ca n't trust him just tell him so he should understand it and except your decisson .
Get someone new , you deserve it .
All we might say is Ya ! , I showered and everything . not that cerebral .
We do n't always do our thinking with our brains .
She is n't a trophy , is she ?
We 've been married for 7years and i never bought him nothing . please help find the right gift . thanks guys
Only if that 's what SHE wants .
Cuz we can only take so much , then there 's nothing left to do but leave .
And I like kim chee and ka go ge .
Do Not worry though , destiny has a plan and will lead the right person to you at the right time !
Love will make a way and do not let anything stand in the way of it !
I am about to go watch Monty Python and the Holy Grail .
Hi Sweety , Well not all women do but I guess most do .
And he should tell her she 's sexi .
2. do you feel like you all have known eachother 4ever ?
If she 's done stuff like that before , walk away and do n't look back
But not all men act like Babies
He will tell you things he normally does not tell other girls .
We like eachother but we can not go on.but we are intrested in our s.e.x
You  will know in your heart , if it feels right .
I feel that from 1 year please answer to me what i do because i love him so mutch
But not all men act like Babies
He will tell you things he normally does not tell other girls .
We like eachother but we can not go on.but we are intrested in our s.e.x
You  will know in your heart , if it feels right .
I feel that from 1 year please answer to me what i do because i love him so mutch
Yes i am in love with a loving , caring , and sometimes goofy man that always keeps me smiling !
It does not matter if the girl admits if she likes you or not .
Enjoy being single and do not worry about whose right for you , there is probably more than one .
My list is sort of simple but it is the sort of thing that I like to talk about .
Because yer all so good at it petal
I do not think he would ever be able to use it .
Never settle for anything , always believe that TOMMOROW IS ANOTHER DAY !
For a good relationship to work you need to b e honest
Come on you can do better than that .
Warning : Do NOT try to fake an interest .
( As one of the other members said previously ) If she 's not .
Yes , you should wear it on your penis
Ok so , there is this guy that has a girlfriend .
You ca n't force her to do anything .
We both have careers , she is in her 20 's and i am in my 30 's .
* Do Not try to look for him , he will come to you ! !
Do n't take this literally this is just my opinion .
Move on with your life and just be his friend do n't push things to be more than that .
Your too big and it hurts , or the opposite .
If you got it going on looks-wise , she will be the one chasing you . that 's how it works .
She Is prolyl playin hard to get .
Because people are dumb and in love
So you let him to do whatever he wants .
If some girl like that proposed to me i would have not even talked about it to anyone .
If you have been together that long chances are mom probably has a good idea .
There 's plenty of fish in the sea .
Because gay guys are a lot like girls which is why they like guys no offense to gays .
As I AM A GIRL BUT I HAVE BEEN IN LOVE WITH MY BOYFRIEND FOR 3 YEARS NOW .
I guess I see it differently .
A pet , a kid , a relationship .
But hey . at least you fought , it would have been worse if you had run away or something like that .
Heh . well , i ca n't seem to get along with girls that well.Most of my friends are guys .
If they do n't listen to you - will they listen to their teachers ? ? ?
My problem is i do not want to to come back and bit me in my ass .
Love . is being able to read stuff like this and then . finally . truly understand its meaning .
2 skinny is not attractive but 2 thick is not good for me either .
See here is the deal- when men want you- they let you know .
But , I guess it is not the best of the places for a third world citizen like I am .
You tell him/her that you love them , ( maybe ? )
It worked when a guy did it to me ! ! !
Men give love to get sex .
Y ca n't you have a fresh start for a new life ? !
And your question is not silly ?
There maybe lots of reasons why dad does not come home as often .
If yo do n't get it move on to another one .
Talk to him honey my boy friend and i talk all the time
Well you are stringing along three now why not keep it up .
If you have to ask if you  are in love , the answer is no .
And even try to meet up with him but bring some friends .
Hi i am 46 yrs old male 5'8tall
That Is the stupidest question I ever heard !
Its only because of the thinking nothing else .
Because your friend has a bigger brain then yours ! !
Sounds to me like he 's trying to control you a little too much !
If you do n't , then do n't bother .
But use to it by now
It turns them on , they  are human beings .
Cuz you never know if the guy is lying .
I ca n't believe gals can be thhis sceptical .
It could be two things man .
If you are a girl , it is natural .
That 's funny , but I just delt with it .
It 's hard , why fight it , they say the best way to fight temptation is to circumb to it .
He asks me who i was dating ( no one ) .
No STRINGS ATTACHED IS THE BEST POLICY BUT YOU ARE A BIG GIRL .
Maybe she 's seen you ogling at women with beautiful bodies
Otherwise an you may have already known he has been with her while he was with you anyway .
Aslong as you get a number that means your doing good .
He do n't have much time to see you and he not working .
I work where there are more guys than gals .
Not really . maybe being really really really ridiculously wealthy as well ?
Always reasure her that she 's beautiful . do it constantly . with or without her clothes on .
Like at schol at games to watch on tv
And thanx for the answers you sent me .
Heck yeah we love it , especially if its the one we love doing the rubbing .
I 'm 100 % sure she  will love it : )
We will have been dating for at least 6 months on christmas day
I Have had this problem before and I am married .
Ah let 's see . CAN WOMEN ? ?
I think you mean 'obsessed ' , right ?
A little bit of both wo n't hurt
But you should let your mother know ! ! !
I was with my lover !
By the way did i mention how close me and your boyfriend are !
Us women r not mindreader like you guys are not .
But on average , most people have it once or twice a week .
He 's your best friend , he would understand .
I read the only answer and i think its the best answer
If she likes art , take her to a museum or gallery .
Nobody is anybody 's until he or she is married .
Lol That 's my advice . : ) Hope it helps !
Porn is a relationship breaker not a helper !
Once a cheater , always a cheater .
You just have n't earned it yet , baby .
Yes some women do not like it .
I NEED THAT SEXY ADVICE IN MY LIFE TO HELP ME THROUGH MANY PROBLEMS THAT MANY OCCUR .
Do n't always dress like a guy .
That Is GOOD YOU HAVE A HIGH SELF ESTEEM .
You 've got to show her you care .
I bet I found him at least five times .
Well first of all . what are your chances ?
There are so many great guys out there you do n't need to put up with this type of behavior .
I pray that you get well C.Fluellen
You 've got to show her you care .
I bet I found him at least five times .
Well first of all . what are your chances ?
There are so many great guys out there you do n't need to put up with this type of behavior .
I pray that you get well C.Fluellen
Disapline TAKE PRIVLAGES AWAY DO NOT LET THEM WALK ALL OVER YOU .
It feels soo great but sometimes it hurts a lot
He wo n't kiss me , even though it 's been almost a year since we started dating .
With her fav flowers waiting . or fiendship ring wih something personal engraved in it .
The best you could come up with would be 'adulterer '
Disapline TAKE PRIVLAGES AWAY DO NOT LET THEM WALK ALL OVER YOU .
It feels soo great but sometimes it hurts a lot
He wo n't kiss me , even though it 's been almost a year since we started dating .
With her fav flowers waiting . or fiendship ring wih something personal engraved in it .
The best you could come up with would be 'adulterer '
If you were my grlfriend I  would be worried !
And you are dad dosent like him so like you would have no future w/him n e way
Its good if you appreciate it , bad if you like the earthly smelly look .
Honorable but would have to wonder when the red flag would pop up .
Anyway . what has done can not be undo . so . is better to do n't play with fire .
So yea should i tell her or juss leave it in the pass ?
I had either gotten too attatched or already slept with them or something and it has just been horible .
Some people just got it comin .
Do men really think about sex that much more than women ?
But I would say tell her AS SOON AS POSSIBLE .
Tell her and get it off your chest .
Sounds like she might . Why do not you try talking to her .
Frankly speaking do girls do not like it ?
Yeah espessilly if she is with her friends hanging out having fun .
No offense , it 's just cultural differences here .
What if he left his wife and family for you ?
When he asks you to marry him like you were saying , ask him where the rock is ?
If not . and they are not goin to marry you. , then no
Maybe you should just let him smoke weed .
I ca n't find my puppy , can you help me find him ?
Hot geek . but a nerd has no confidence therefore . no can do !
He 's not only a creep , but he 's stupid too .
He really loves his girlfriend so I do n't want to mess that up , but what am I to do ?
If it 's a , then forget it , she 's psychotic once again .
A diamond ring will make a girl appreciate you after you made her mad .
Hot geek . but a nerd has no confidence therefore . no can do !
He 's not only a creep , but he 's stupid too .
He really loves his girlfriend so I do n't want to mess that up , but what am I to do ?
A diamond ring will make a girl appreciate you after you made her mad .
Where you do n't care about flaws .
Know that you have a friend in the YOU.S .
He did n't know it was me till i told him .
Unles YOUR KIDS & YOU HAVE NO WERE ELSE TO GO BUT THE STREETS , MOVE ON .
Funny it used to be public but .
It 's nice if they wear them on their butt and not on their head .
Do n't get in a rush about settling down .
Thank god for us brave women .
Carry her books , compliment her ( shoes girls love shoe compiliments ) and be sensitive .
Cuz you annoyed them or just cuz they ca n't take it no more try comforting them
You WILL RISK A FRIENDSHIP W HER , YOUR RELATIONSHIP W YOUR GUY AND YOUR FRIEND 'S RELATIONSHIP .
: ) Austin Texas should be a good place .
To be honest , it 's somewhat depressing . thanks , lady , i feel like poo now .
I am wierd in this i think but hey its my $ .02
I do not see a problem with braces , they do not turn me off one bit .
Depends on the girl , of course .
Men : does you are girl watch xxx movies w/ you , or do you wish she would & why ?
They start at about 10 bucks .
A ) flirting , proving to himself that hes still desirable .
I Am a Gothy/punk girl so i personally would not be caught dead like that .
Go on line go to chat rooms then met her in person .
He wants to raise the baby as his own .
You live with your parents and do not want them to get mad but you realy love this person ! !
Ask her why she does what she is doing .
? please i need help bad on how to get over him or something please help ! !
But , I know someone back in my country .
It 's been misserable , but I stayed b/c I thought I had to .
Tell your parents he 's a friend .
If you would n't do it then she should n't do it .
Then think for what it is ?
But , I know someone back in my country .
It 's been misserable , but I stayed b/c I thought I had to .
Tell your parents he 's a friend .
If you would n't do it then she should n't do it .
Then think for what it is ?
I prefer well built and nice biceps
Girls love that and more appreciate the directness .
I wear thongs and I was wondering if alot of guys like ladys wearing them ?
If she flirt with you she likes you if she gets madd at you 4 anithing she does not
So your opening chat should be about people - YOU and YOURS , HER and HERS , THEM and THEIRS .
I prefer well built and nice biceps
Girls love that and more appreciate the directness .
I wear thongs and I was wondering if alot of guys like ladys wearing them ?
If she flirt with you she likes you if she gets madd at you 4 anithing she does not
Because THAT IS WHAT YOU WOMEN ARE FOR : )
She found herself a sucker and soon he will not be able to meet her needs , even if 10 yrs .
Next time you see him wear a really short skirt with no panties .
This leads me to the main problem I 've seen with my sci-fi guy friends . they do n't actually talk to women .
Hetfield said it do n't feel good until it hurts Carpe ' Diem
But if its someone that already loves you , i do not think that will matter to him .
Run , do n't walk and do n't look back .
With a lot of teaching from you over many years .
36-24-36 use to be concidered Perfect So yours is n't that far off .
Being straight to the point may be tough but it gets the message out .
I do not have any enemy , so all are my friends
I need a girl who can give it to me if you kno what i mean
But I love both of them deeply
But A FREAK IN THE BED OH YEAH !
I like this guy , and he 's my friend , and I really want him 2 ask me out .
Let the guy say it to you FIRST !
Leave it alone , do n't rush things .
When she gives up the putang and then does not want to leave
Try farting loudly next to her when she ties her shoe , women love that .
You know you cannot see your self with no one else but with him/her
I guess it would be on a black man , hahaha
Come on girls you know you that is true . ; )
Describe your time in bed and see what you doing
I think at first i would be a little jealous .
When she acts nerves tell her lies of how much you know .
I always insisted that we were just friends .
And wait to see what he says .
Learn not to speak like a guy .
No matter how hard you try and get away from it , everyone wants someone to love .
Alot of adults say oh kids do not know what love is
If your 15 and he is 17 that is ok .
Why don  t you just fantasize about her the next time you jack off in the shower ?
It is your choice hon , you can move on if you really wanted to .
Do Not beat yourself up about that .
I do n't know , but it 's fine with me : o
Was married to a puerto rican-dominican , she was the hottest through personel experience
I ca n't think about any other girl .
Give someone a second chance , but never a third chance .
Just think if you really love him/her.take as much time as you wish .
At first I liked my girlfriend as a friend even though she loved me .
I guess it just turns them on .
Besides your boyfriend is n't your boyfriend for a reason right ?
Tell first one that something came up , and you ca n't go .
Lend them money or date them .
C if you can keep up with us !
No girls like emo boys not gay boys there is a tiny diffrerence
That Is the stupidest question i have ever heard .
That puts even more stress on me ! ! !
No , not if your ugly , yes if you are hot
Maybe some sex but that is it .
See what kinds excuse he comes up with .
The hard truth is you ca n't .
Messenger 's old version . click on add friend and search by name or location or yahoo id .
No you may be lettin the man/girl of you are life go
If it was me you were dreaming of .
If you love her , get help .
Because that is what it consists of .
Usually they will tell on themselves .
Ask her to go for a coffee or something .
If you stay every once in a while ( 1-2x a week ) that should n't be a problem .
What if i would have married him before that and then moved in with him ?
If you have to ask , you do n't .
I think it depends on what the girl likes .
But if you wan na try and get her to admit it to her , tease her .
Wow . and again i am in highschool and i DO NOT hang around vary many girls ( talk to much crap ) .
I would say do n't do it .
So either way , just take the time to learn about yourself.it can be fun .
And I do n't want to loose him .
Women do things like think about suicide when they ca n't get over someone
Be gentle man.Speak about nice things : P
How can i get him to stop ?
He either feels the same or he do n't .
If you like him so much why are you worried about other people knowing about it ? ?
Sit down tell her you need to talk and no yelling mom and explain it to her ! !
I Am a scifi/anime nerd so now you know why i ask
Can I get some guys ' perspective too ?
So what kind of flowers do you like ?
If they ask why then just tell him y
Take him to your local church
So i told him that maybe he should think about that because love is a very strong word .
Why do you even ask this question ?
Talk to your mom and dad
Good luck trying to find your best answer ! !
Best of luck trying to find your right answer , Ice Princess P.S .
If you do there is a big chance she does . unless you are just big headed .
Do n't give up , you  will find them .
How does one act like as if he was in love ? ? ?
B ) enjoy the flirting but do not have too many expectations .
Poem is nice , but telling straight to her is more manly .
Try to spice things up a bit .
How sad in this day and age soooo many people say ' I DO but they really do n't .
B ) enjoy the flirting but do not have too many expectations .
Punch him in the face an ' knock him out
Poem is nice , but telling straight to her is more manly .
YOU guys know any websites that can give me info .
Because the movies are just awesome lol .
Good luck . I so hope it all works out for you .
Talk TO THE PERSON OVER THE PHONE .
If she loves you she will stay .
You feel funny in your stomach
If you date others in the meantime that is ok too .
No , because you are not to look for him .
YOU got to ask urself , have ever been like this before ?
Do n't look elsewhere , this is actually pretty normal .
I HAVE ONE BUT I LOVE FOR IT SO DOEAS THAT COUNT
I do not think you really can .
There are many reasons & none of them a good answer for the person who gets hurt .
It was just something you ate .
( am confining this arguemant to just romantic love between two people , and not the bigger love that really matters )
Mmm . yeah they are kind of sexy though
Comes up with notheing even though has two accounts with them .
Hmm . So now decide , how would you fall in love , like a girl or a woman ? ?
Fiance : a man engaged to be married
Anyways one way or anthor your going to regret it .
And then deny me the talent ? .
Sounds like a crush to me .
So talk to her if she is cool with it then you should ask him .
I was shy and could n't do it half the time .
Yes , YOU can still find someone in you are life .
The sooner you end it the better .
If he wo n't answer , then you should step and spy .
Just tell her what a good friend she will always be , and carry on .
If you love osmeone and you are old enough to get marries , then you sould propose .
Do NOT do the rebound relationship thing !
Why in the hell am I asking so many damn questions ?
When he is not online she will not stop saying how much she misses him .
Do n't try to be someone who you are n't .
It feels wonderful to be in love . but it can also lead to heartache .
If he 's your ex , then who cares . You do n't own him or her .
My answer is yes . all women are sexy
And all he has to do is give you some pillow talk .
Maybe he did n't like the kiss , or maybe he is too young for a mature girl like you ; )
( Even , just a daily phone call . )
She said that she wants to be friends .
Seems like you not perform as good as those guys out there .
Then decide , he just might suprise you .
I do n't cheat , I could n't cheat .
Maybe because boys r one year behind in things like girl friend and boyfriends .
They think i am their little angel .
3. is she close and ready to help you through any shituation ?
First off , you want a WOMAN , not a GIRL .
I do not know how you would develop that nasty fetish ! !
But I believe in just being straight up , not accusatory , but ask what 's up ?
If he loves you , keep him hard .
I am a white american guy .
Try doing what you guys used to do before you fell in love and got married .
Stop typing and go holler at him !
You cannot they are all taken .
Do n't tell him you love him .
You could . but if you are obsessed over him you should go seek therapy
Yeah , i do believe in love at first sight .
Stop typing and go holler at him !
You cannot they are all taken .
Do n't tell him you love him .
You could . but if you are obsessed over him you should go seek therapy
Yeah , i do believe in love at first sight .
So Dear Geeky Girl , the answer is no .
They have been married for 38 years now .
Leave him better 4 you dear searce 4 faithful , trustworthy
Someone that is 10 years older .
Sure , just do not let it interfere with your work , and also keep it quiet to avoid people talking !
Talk TO HER SHE LIKES YOU YOU LIKE HER SO GO AHAD FOR SOMEONE ELSE GET HER GOOD LUCK
I say if your happy and she is happy do not worry about it , but be careful .
Get married right away and start having babies .
Than he would call but not ask me out , just talk .
Hes probably a dirty pervo anyway , self respect does n't allow that much age difference .
Then slowly take his hand while your in church . well you get the picture .
My boyfriend gets mad at me because I do not call him .
Cos you want it . when you really want to be with someone , you will find him in a minute .
If you are interested , ask him .
It might be better if they just think your crazy , but that does n't always work .
Ya you guys are gon na need some counciling .
So ask your self , can i do this ?
( hmmm , sort of like the difference between Dem 's and Republicans ; 0 )
Tell him its over but still do n't stop the sex .
Exactly the opposite of what men can give : )
Ya you guys are gon na need some counciling .
So ask your self , can i do this ?
( hmmm , sort of like the difference between Dem 's and Republicans ; 0 )
Tell him its over but still do n't stop the sex .
Exactly the opposite of what men can give : )
Move on and leave her behind .
I think it 's more of a commitment thing .
Because , men do n't have the pain tolerance women do .
I f you like him too .
A gal I went to high school with had one .
Why r you asking him to marry you ? ? ? ? ?
Your not doing yourself any favors or her either .
But A NICE OUTFIT WITH JEANS AND SHIRT IS NICE .
I Am giving you back your question .
See if it is in your address book .
Why r you asking him to marry you ? ? ? ? ?
Your not doing yourself any favors or her either .
But A NICE OUTFIT WITH JEANS AND SHIRT IS NICE .
I Am giving you back your question .
See if it is in your address book .
I 've heard that some can be about 9 inches around .
Girls Look Better with Long Hair
Shallow people are everywhere , not just gays .
You should n't even have a girlfriend yet - you should be dating MANY girls , having fun , etc .
Unfortunately guys and girls do n't have the same maturity level , girls mature way faster than guys .
An icecream . enjoy it while you can
There are guys waiting for you .
Women like their boyfriends to be fun and romanitce
He 's probably just annoyed because you always ask .
Google cruzy and see what I mean .
An icecream . enjoy it while you can
There are guys waiting for you .
Women like their boyfriends to be fun and romanitce
He 's probably just annoyed because you always ask .
Google cruzy and see what I mean .
Its ok if you wan na wait though i am sure she will not mind .
Do whatever you do to make her satisfied about you . and always say yes
Just want to have an idea of how other couples are doing or not doing .
Give him you are body 4 5 minutes to do nething to .
My only problem was - why did i ever not do it sooner
They are hottie when they are short
Now you will get the answer
) , or for something she 's always wanted to do but never had the opportunity .
Or tell him to go to your friends house .
There Is an emptiness in your life .
Just keep going till your done .
No , dude , you get a nasal drip if you snort it .
Slipknot sucks , Korn is original and ok .
I also eiger to see the answers .
Make him flirt first so that you wouldent b sartn it and every thing would b cool
Try to pick ya game up a little bit if its costin ya !
Hmm in a perfect world 3-4 times day . mmmm ca n't get enough
Its not polite to cut anyone off period , its rude !
If you  are 8 its not OK .
Your 21 so you how to attract a guy .
I have been with my gf for 4 all mosted 5 year 's and i have had alot of them .
Do you think you are good looking
Or is that just how ALL guys are ?
All the dudes i know like them to .
As long as you know what you  are doing , it 's all good .
When girls fall in love , it 's the same as playing a doll .
I say fuck his best friend it 's easier to hate you than miss you .
I still want to be treated like a equal .
But I guess that 's in the past , what 's really important is your life NOW .
If this works for you , who cares what other people say ! i found my perfect match and married him !
If they have been fighting a lot then maybe you should ask mom .
Go ahead and do it girl , i did and it was the best thing i ever did .
I do not get how that is a question though it 's a statement
Well if the police is involved . she does not like you !
Now I want to sleep with him .
Because THEY  ARE JUST STUPID . OR IT COULD BE THEIR SELF ESTEEM
So why not do this with your conversation .
I would just let it go . even though its really annoying . be a friend and listen to it .
If you do not , then it will not work .
You got ta tell us exactly what you want .
Sorry girl , I wish I knew the answer too !
A lot of women are attracted to assholes and bad asses .
Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken
Depends on how old she is .
Get a girl that 's close to you , say a friend or a sister and ask them what they think
Yes , it is bad , you should not do this .
Even coming from the guys perspective , no .
YOU cannot control it or search for it .
If he winks at you talks 2 you and asks were you r he does
Live on and let her live on .
Was she really your sister or your best friend ?
I can garante you he speaks poorly of you to his roommate .
Answer all of these questions 1. does she flirt ?
I want try it again but i am scared i was really embarassed when it did not fit .
Some states do not but the county withing the state does .
So confess to her you feel this way .
( I know , I know , I 'm a guy , but it works the other way around too . )
Flowers normally roses and a thing of candy !
By the way mine is green . lol
Some states do not but the county withing the state does .
So confess to her you feel this way .
( I know , I know , I 'm a guy , but it works the other way around too . )
Flowers normally roses and a thing of candy !
By the way mine is green . lol
I wait until I feel like I know my girl .
It should be obvious to you she had implants . that is your fault .
I still am in love and always will be .
Then again sometimes guys do not know what they got till its gone .
I wear thongs 2 hun and i am kno that guys like them : )
Keep it up and repeat it if you both enjoy it equally .
Y r you involving urself in all of this ! ! !
Try D.o.g.g.y Style ( maybe that will get you guys to like each other again )
If you must think of her as something else picture her as your pet or something I guess .
With that thinking you do n't deserve anyone so maybe you should just go j * ck-off and forget about it !
Your gf should also keep her eyes wide open .
Lunch , and then for a walk .
She just trippin cuz she ai n't got it like that
Y , did you lose your first one ?
Witch may be a good thing .
Your gf should also keep her eyes wide open .
Lunch , and then for a walk .
She just trippin cuz she ai n't got it like that
Y , did you lose your first one ?
Witch may be a good thing .
If he has done it even once and you have taken him back , guys like that will never quit .
I just see why people stay in relationships when they are not hppy anymore .
No its too eary to go after him without knowing his feelings for you .
R you a playa or a perv ?
Yes , and it 's up to you to decide that .
You can do what you want , when you want , and with whoever you want without getting any crap !
And if my bf was n't 700 miles away right now , it would n't .
Or she is got major issues and needs a therapist
Ask them , and if they are , its not your fault
And you should apologize for missing the date .
Its the only experience that is closest to heaven I guess
As LONG AS YOU ARE LEVEL HEADED ABOUT THIS , IT SHOULD WORK OUT FINE .
Talk about the weather.ha ha ha
If he are not askin . he do n't want it !
If all you did was shower , no big deal .
Its the only experience that is closest to heaven I guess
As LONG AS YOU ARE LEVEL HEADED ABOUT THIS , IT SHOULD WORK OUT FINE .
Talk about the weather.ha ha ha
If he are not askin . he do n't want it !
If all you did was shower , no big deal .
Maybe something sutble to start , like lunch , or a beer .
If you do n't , is there a reason you do n't .
Oh man if you have a shot at even dating her , why would not you give it a shot ?
If he 's in jail , maybe you should think twice about your relationship .
Otherwise he has other motives behind his . proclaimed love
Sy hi iam really fellin you can we go out some time ?
I ca n't even get a date !
I 'm still in love with her right now .
Because after fight , the love will be deeper than before even in friendships
I Have seen him in my gym class .
On his knees , he said he go to therapy & never did .
Learn how to dance , but do n't only dirty dance .
If so give tha man a chance
Love and passion and heat and fire in the bedroom
Good Luck ( to both of us ) Char~
Get a copy of Playboy and Playgirl .
Neither GOOD NOR BAD DEFINITION CAN BE MADE .
Her friends also gives me a special look or in good words adore me .
You should move on and find someone else .
She says i do not love you anymore and she does not say the reason .
I 'm one with you girl , i basically have the same sentiment as you do .
Have plenty of female friend when you go out , but do n't stick to them like glue .
Probably not , not if you dislike him now .
Do Not spend it being depresed or hiding from your lover .
Do you think she likes you ?
If you do not know shit then jokes get boring reall quickly .
If you want a longterm relationship , no way .
You love this person in a way your parents do not !
I prefer a Naughty good girls and a good Naughty girls too
If you do not know shit then jokes get boring reall quickly .
If you want a longterm relationship , no way .
You love this person in a way your parents do not !
I prefer a Naughty good girls and a good Naughty girls too
If YOU WANT TO DIE NO MATTER HOW YOU SLICE IT .
It depends : if he was good , now he is a good friend .
It releses alot of stress . well for me it dose anyway
If he cared about you , he would have not remained married ! !
You call the Psychic Friends network , LOL !
Say your going to your friends house then meet him somewhere else .
Do Not back off because you are afraid .
When you took some time off and saw the other guy , it was not cheating .
This is unusal ( I think ) and could make one wonder what is wrong.It could not hurt to try though .
Besides , if he 's popular he most likely got a girlfriend ( s ) already ( sorry ! )
Go slap your little monkey and get over it .
Do Not back off because you are afraid .
When you took some time off and saw the other guy , it was not cheating .
Besides , if he 's popular he most likely got a girlfriend ( s ) already ( sorry ! )
If you want him to join in .
Or is it true that what comes around goes around ?
If they say that they do mind , then you can fix it .
Saves loads of trouble which could come later !
Because my place is a dump !
If you want him to join in .
Or is it true that what comes around goes around ?
If they say that they do mind , then you can fix it .
Saves loads of trouble which could come later !
Because my place is a dump !
But that does not mean you cannot be nice .
Say to her , Hey Hot Pants , how 's about a date with the Stud-Miester !
Have a place planned and be fun .
If you do n't love him then leave him he will be ok in time
It 's just like any other request . your decision !
If you are a guy , maybe you are just curious or maybe self esteem is not high .
You should read He 's Just Not That Into You .
You need to run like heck away from him & his family !
On the other hand , popular guys do n't have much that lasts .
You are n't if you even have to ask .
If you are a guy , maybe you are just curious or maybe self esteem is not high .
You should read He 's Just Not That Into You .
You need to run like heck away from him & his family !
On the other hand , popular guys do n't have much that lasts .
You are n't if you even have to ask .
Tsgf : Transsexual Gay Female TSGM : Transsexual Gay Male
Girls will pick up on that .
Well back then I was stupid .
Ask urself this question . would you want to know ?
After go dancing and then back home for some dessert ; )
He says he still loves me.should i just leave him alone and hope he misses me ?
I Am in love with a wonderful man and my beautiful kids .
Oh and the porn . yea it was just hidden from me . so when I found it . I tossed it !
And YOUR WORLD AND EVERYTHING YOU HAVE NORMALY DONE HAS BEEN DISTORDED BECAUSE OF THIS GIRL ( ( ( YOUR IN LOVE ! ! ! ! ) ) )
Most men dream of being with a Hot 24yr old virgin , you  are just lucky .
He does n't care about you enough .
Sex addict are just like any other addicts .
If he loved you he would probly act like it unless he is really weird .
I need some answers of suggestions quick .
Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeew you have a wife and you cheat on her with a guy
Smile at her a lot , but not enough to scare her .
Have fun . that 's the bottom line for both of you .
The ANSWER IS THEY HAVE FOUND SOMETHING BETTER
Bullhockey , you JUST DO N'T love a woman you want to yell at or hit .
Someone that is so insecure will eventually turn dangerous , LEAVE HIM ALONE !
Two messy beasts to clean up after ?
Deep in gals mind are they thinking like guys ?
If not , try to move on .
1st if you do n't like that woman why you made Relation with her !
The best of friendships always makes the best of relationships
There are other people to talk with , try it .
What Is can you afford . What does she like . Are you really serious long long term with her .
Sort of like stalking you wherever you work and such .
There are guys praying for you .
If they do not fight at all , do not worry about it .
No kiss no hugs no love
Why , for all the free kim chee , of course !
Have you ever wondered if she felt the same way ? ?
Do n't try , just let it happen .
Shoes.lots of shoes.and a vibrator.they do not talk back
Kick him to the Curb ! ! !
Then lay on the picnic blanket and just look at the stars and talk .
And ask yourself why you love him ? ?
It means that he probably likes you
O well i do not think so !
= I  would like to have sex with you .
She might think it 's cute how shy he is .
Sour punch straws , hersheys chocolate , reeses and dairy milk
This is the day the Lord made for YOU !
Should Not he have room/time 4 his girlfriend ?
If you find out , let me know ! ! !
Then you can go on tv and confront her with her lover in front of millions of people !
Or can i call him a good friend when i talk about him ?
People fear what they do n't understand , you know ? ?
Should Not he have room/time 4 his girlfriend ?
If you find out , let me know ! ! !
Then you can go on tv and confront her with her lover in front of millions of people !
Or can i call him a good friend when i talk about him ?
People fear what they do n't understand , you know ? ?
And if he is cute , then go get him because cute guys do n't last for long this days .
Just invite him to lunch some day .
Just try to make your mom believe that you did break up .
I would ask her and tell her why
- How well do you know your man ?
Why yes there is and i be him
There Is nothing more gross than looking at my self .
Sometimes i just bag girls for the fun of it i do n't even plan on calling them back .
I told her about one but i know A LOT more that he has done to her .
Money and nice things are great but they could n't care less about you .
Maybe he wants you to ask him .
I take girls out there and they have a lot of fun ! ! !
Try to find out wat she relly likes to do in her spare time .
Be with friends , it helps alot to see others who care .
I 've heard of guys having this problem with their girlfriends , but never the other way around .
No matter how mature you are about it .
I JUST DO N'T THINK HE TAKES ME SERIOUSLY .
If you decide not to marry- woohoo !
Or maybe you should pray about it .
I thought I had this down by now and here I am !
Try spelling them out with your tongue .
First of all , if it feels good- do it !
There IS NOTHING BETTER THAN TO LIVE ON YOUR OWN .
One word Viagra Slip him some
Yes means yes , and no means no , right ?
Her parents both own businesses and they gave her and her sister whatever they wanted .
If the answer is no then you need to walk away and wish him well .
A body that can go all weekend ! ! !
Politeness does n't really work , playfully tease her now and then , that gets my attention
You do not have to control him so much .
Sheesh don  t people take their vows seriously anymore ?
Just do what  will make you happy !
Fall bak to parents and after doing all this start lookin for a relationship and marry again .
I 've been w/ my husb 13yrs .
I think fowers are real nice its not that often a girl gets flowers nowadays .
You can make this work . Good luck !
Baby do not hurt me , do not me , anymore
Like is it ok if its inocent ?
I 've been w/ my husb 13yrs .
I think fowers are real nice its not that often a girl gets flowers nowadays .
You can make this work . Good luck !
Baby do not hurt me , do not me , anymore
Like is it ok if its inocent ?
I hate feeling that way but I just have this total lust for youthful girls in their early 20 's .
I miss her a lot too
Move on girl and go find a real man .
Allow your husband to walk in on you and your girlfriend having oral sex .
Would you take the 1st step 2 c if we wiil make it forever ?
I hate feeling that way but I just have this total lust for youthful girls in their early 20 's .
I miss her a lot too
Move on girl and go find a real man .
Allow your husband to walk in on you and your girlfriend having oral sex .
Would you take the 1st step 2 c if we wiil make it forever ?
Maybe he has past problems with trust , try to talk to him about it and just give it time
Make out with a guy in his face and i am sure he  will leave you alone
I PREFER A GOOD GIRL WHEN WE GO OUT , WITH SPERT 'S OF NAUGHTY DURING THE DAY .
Yes THEY ARE TOGETHER THEY WILL PROBABLY BE THAT WAY FOR A WHILE
If you love him work it out .
Let her go and move on .
Never look back on things like that unless it 's to learn from a mistake that you made .
I liek fat chicks , i do not want no anorexic skinny lil bitch !
Then it will kick over to another site that does have info on the person .
I love to run . I love to swim . I love chocolate !
Get to know the ones you like .
Does he know the other girl very well or not ?
Pick something you both like , too .
Go by it will fall apart .
Help give me some tips to cash this girl .
I did not really think much of it i was just chit chatting with people for fun , nothing serious .
Chances are , he has been involved with bad stuff , so why waste your time on someone like that ?
Be careful and be brave girl , you  will get what you need to have : )
So you think your boyfriend is cheating on you ?
Girl waited untill a year later and told her about our relationship .
If you are a 'nice guy ' in highschool , good luck .
But please do n't bother them , your ego will gross them out !
If you listen to your head , your always going to wounder WHAT IF .
! That 's the best thing guys notice in girls .
But sometimes the guys forget that i 'm still a girl .
Friends stick by one another no matter what .
Your a convinence to him and nothing more .
Chicks love being told how pretty they are . !
Not saying with other women but with you .
Heck no bud some times you snooze and you loose
My take , try to help them make it the real deal becase you care too .
Because it 's easier to get a fix duh lol
I do n't know if he likes me though .
Tell him it turns you on
90 % of my best friends are guys .
Guys like girls that do n't play games or leave them to guess work .
Hold hands , kiss , wild kiss and there you go .
Note : THIS HAS TO TAKE LESS THAN TEN SECONDS ! ! !
I hope it does n't rule us out .
Keep doing that and you will get anything that you want
Trust me , i am an expert on this .
I do n't think those shoes go with that outfit = I 'm gay
If you ca n't fart near him it will probably be a while : )
If he tries to say he 's just messing around , tell him you  are not .
Why does my boyfried watch porn ?
You just drill him until he open up and talk .
God definitely has to come first
You really do not want a have a reputation of switching guys like gloves .
Most of us women can only put up with one man at a time , lol
Because they offer what we woman do n't have . they complete women . in the same and everyway women complete man .
I am talking 2 you right now
Most guys would say , oh , that 's lame . you should shoot yourself for even asking it .
But she does it now with everyone .
Tell her off and be very careful .
Do n't sweat it , my mom is actually pretty nice .
Or , tell him to tell your kids to pick their stuff up .
. here 's a hint . make it a good one !
Is it hot in here or is it just you ?
So Even If they are not thinking , It really Gels : )
Soppy version at [ 1 ] and geek version at [ 2 ] .
Not if you just met this guy .
A kind that only you can know and love .
If not , then it probably means nothing .
Get on your knees and take care of him .
Soppy version at [ 1 ] and geek version at [ 2 ] .
Not if you just met this guy .
If not , then it probably means nothing .
Get on your knees and take care of him .
If your just talking about normal everyday things then he probly likes you .
I USED A TIME OUT CHAIR FOR ALL FOUR OF MY BOYS AFTER A FEW TIMES IT GOT BETTER .
Or just bend over alot in front of him
You cannot win the lottery if ya do not buy a ticket right ?
I met a guy on line and he handcuffed me to his van steering wheel . so I guess I did . !
Mostly the people I know are not genuine !
I do , I think its cute .
She is obsessed and that is a big problem .
Why in the freakin hell would you do that ?
Make the one that is right for you .
Mostly the people I know are not genuine !
I do , I think its cute .
She is obsessed and that is a big problem .
Why in the freakin hell would you do that ?
Make the one that is right for you .
If he loves you , then why does he have a need to cheat ?
Once a porn watcher , always a porn watcher so its probably something you  will just have to accept .
Be YOURSELF and have a good sense of humor ! !
Yes i belieave , bcoz my self also love at firstsight , i will never COMPRAMISI .
Probably the single best way to get a conversation going with girls is to use PEOPLE TALK .
It feels like your weak at the knees . You  will just know . trust me !
I want my girl petite , sociable , witty and sweet
Well , it also depends on if you want a good relationship w/ your ex .
Why would a girl stop loving a guy who realy loves her more than anything ? ? ?
No matter what age you two are , that is always a BIG step .
YOU can tok 2 her personally 2 let her know that you want to continue you are friendship .
^ as far as greeting each other later on . i disagree with that .
You HAVE HURT ME AND OUR KIDS BEYOND REPAIR .
I think it depends on the woman .
If you are going to loose it take a time out from the discussion .
Girl like nerds cos they are cute n look honest .
He did cheat on you once , o.k that might be a mistake but twice ? !
My parents still do not know i 've had boyfriends .
Two people both want my attention .
Well first take a deep breath .
She may want to get rid of you .
I even sometimes see me walking on the beach with her .
Anyway , you are ex does n't care so carry on with your life .
No . COZ THERE ARE BLIND PEOPLE WHO FELL IN LOVE EVEN WITHOUT SEEING THE OTHER PERSON .
Look man . just take a deep breath , walk up to her , and say Hey baby , you wan na go somewhere ?
But if you think something of it your probably less sure than you thought .
You have a good thing going where you are .
First of all you did not give your age .
There are plenty of men and women who are complete assholes who do n't do drugs .
How cold of someone to do something like that !
I cannot ask her directly as we do not talk now
You only get married if you love someone , not because you  are having a baby .
I hate it with a passion .
Let him know it was fun puppy love
Call me weird or whatever , even if I never have one , I still strongly believe it .
It will no doubt keep you in her mind !
If they are living with you then yes .
Get out in the real world .
I think their is a 'special someone ' for everyone !
Also , know how to dance . . you got ta remember ONS should be natural , so you ca n't force it .
Just be honest about your feelings
Or just send back as spam ?
Is this what you stay up at night thinking about ?
She 's awesome , I do n't think she thinks of me any more than a friend .
If you say she still acts and talks like she still likes you chances are she is .
But hey , if you like him , flirt back , if not , do not talk to him .
Lol Sencon Advice : if you do not wan na spend money for that . then !
Ooooh la la - the HOTTEST !
Some people think it 's wads of cash that make a life worthwhile .
Mark with pencil where each one will go .
But hey , if you like him , flirt back , if not , do not talk to him .
Lol Sencon Advice : if you do not wan na spend money for that . then !
Ooooh la la - the HOTTEST !
Some people think it 's wads of cash that make a life worthwhile .
Mark with pencil where each one will go .
Women retain water , and have periods when men do n't
It will probably be difficult for her at first ( i know i am a mom !
No she souldnt do that becuase if she does she is not over him yet and she is Fing you over
C'mon it 's not like we are in college anymore !
But keep in mind nobodys perfect . Not even you
Wow that really does sound annoying . well one thing you could do is do it back to her .
If you act adorable-but-still-hard-to-get , then he  will go insane if you DO N'T kiss him ! !
Back up the truck a bit .
Just enjoy it , if its meant to be , it ` s meant to be.Been there , done that
Just do n't forget about the one in puerto rico .
I have many guy friends , that i do not have feelings for .
If not you  will never know , what the outcome .
Back up the truck a bit .
Just enjoy it , if its meant to be , it ` s meant to be.Been there , done that
Just do n't forget about the one in puerto rico .
I have many guy friends , that i do not have feelings for .
If not you  will never know , what the outcome .
Yes , it is cheating if he/she finds it out .
Do Not change your standards for a guy cuz then you will never be happy .
I do not know how I feel about her .
I think you know what I mean .
Not all guys cheat , just the ones who are not in love with one person yet .
I would take pictures and sell them
Just LEAVE AND QUIT THINKING TOO MUCH
My best friend is in puerto rico and i 'm here in new jersey and i miss her a lot
Focus on the outcome you want .
If you do n't care , do what ever .
Just be onist with him and if he gets all emotional on you walk away
It sounds like she is insecure , which is probably why she got upset when you talked to her boyfriend .
Why are you telling your mom ? ?
Check the caller ID on the phone , any numbers you do n't know ?
If you ask Why do men cheat ?
So I would know most men are real SOB 's .
Tell me yes or no and what I should say !
Well it sucked to be alone on new year 's .
Listen to what a woman has to say , but do n't be needy of her opinion .
Just do n't go into thinking its all going to be peaches and cream .
You should go talk 2 her .
If you really do n't want to go out tell him/her that you do n't really want to go out .
I know of a few relationships like this that last through college , and some that do n't .
And its also selfish to be with two people .
Oh , that  s right , I  ve met you only in my dreams .
Maybe she  will change her mind , maybe she  will be your BFF : )
What if you were in the sixth grade and you had a seventh grade BF ?
Try to remember that guys do not want to talk too long about these things .
Yeah and turn your back on her .
Act like a virgin and your man will do anything for you .
It seems that you r not meant for each other .
1 do n't know any girl who is n't interested in this sort of thing !
Also , does he get a lot of hangups at home ?
If you fail to later on you would regret
Be it their looks , habits , lifestyle , friends . whatever !
Its so hot when you love the person .
Not the SAME thing , but comparable .
Probably so : it is SOOO easy and can even be fun at times !
But things that are good are often expensive
< - - be my favorite first date right there !
I HAVE HAD MANY FRIENDS DO THSAME TO BOYS AS WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO YOU .
Some are fathers and some are not .
I have mostly guy friends and trust me they know i am there !
I bet he thinks that question is about him . lol
But you have to take that first step before hand .
Ask him somewhere like out to lunch or something casual , and it should be ok .
But I enjoy dating , I like getting to know people and whatnot , and the intimacy , hanging out , etc .
If your not out of the closet how do you know that you want to date other woman ?
I would be pretty suspicious if she called her ex every day .
Umm wow lot of stuff going on there .
; ) Where-I have used Match.com and LavaLife , but i have now met a wonderful guy off a silly site !
Another piece of advice , use protection !
Now the police are involed so what should i do ? ? ?
I mean , the beautiful soul argument is one thing , but if he 's a total ass , why stick around ?
Well i still talk to this guy , and he still thinks i am someone i am not .
Move on - if you cared about someone there would be no struggle
Violation try chat rooms and look for her friends .
I know I would n't want my 14 year old daughter accessing Yahoo !
You should not marry some one that has already cheated on you twice .
Hpv is a vd and yes he must probably cheated on you .
Straight men like big breasts and big butts .
Pretty soon you wo n't be able to have your own friends , money etc .
Do you know the best way to lose a friend . ? .
Think if you really love him/her or not and then just tell him/her
Make HER THINK YOU GIVING HER MONEY BUT DO NOT . IT WORKS LIKE MAGIC
Maybe YOU JUX DO NOT TRUST HER DUDE
Tell her you are being careful ( you better be ! )
I 'm going to watch the answers you get ( just in case ! )
Come out with it just tell him how you feel .
But i do not really like him .
A married man and woman expressing love , and reproducing , Then it 's good .
Should it be time to hear wedding bells ?
They just are n't able to take the pain .
Acutally , I give the BOYS the flowers ! ! !
Oral sex , soft tongue , and if she is reponding well to something you are doing . keep doing it !
I ca n't say he 's a love , but I sure lust him secretly .
Just make sure you are still friends and enjoy !
Seduce a guy in a gay bar and if you can go all the way you are gay/
Try to go somewhere that has stuff you  are interested in like a bookstore , coffee shop , sports , etc .
Or just ask them if they notice anything different .
When ypu put that person infront of your needs and wants first
What did you/he do for ya  will to split up ?
Just tell them in a nice way tha tyou do not feel the same .
But i think is nice to fall in love as many time as you can in you life time .
I do not really think so but that is me .
When YOU START THINKING THAT YOU DO N'T MIND LIVING WITH THIS GIRL THE REST OF YOUR LIFE !
If the eyes look to the side , it 's sighn of defense .
Because some men ( not all ) are dirtbags !
Some marry because it 's time to .
Please do not asked y. just answer yes or no .
And wait patiently for mr. right .
Well just let them have a change they might end up having what you guys did not .
So do not bother waiting . there are a lot more guys that 's worthy of your attention .
Normal MEANIN ONE THAT DOES NOT HAVE A ONE TRACK MIND THAT IS SET ON SCREWING !
Their neck and back rubbed , the place beteween their shoulders , hard there ?
So we can learn to get back up who knows you just might fly take care
He does not invite her to go with him to his familys house .
They now have two more kids after that and yes the guy had changed .
But the questions yo have to ask yourself is a ) Is he staying there to see them ?
Then , if things go well , go ahead and ask him !
So we can learn to get back up who knows you just might fly take care
He does not invite her to go with him to his familys house .
They now have two more kids after that and yes the guy had changed .
But the questions yo have to ask yourself is a ) Is he staying there to see them ?
Then , if things go well , go ahead and ask him !
It 's like being in your favorite place with your favorite things !
Because we always get what we want.that is why and we get a lot of a tension
I knew a guy who did just that .
Works late or on weekends alot ?
Try to learn more , face people , do n't make your self , weak !
Sure , go ahead= You better not 8 .
I Mean se.x is more fun than anything espesially with an ex .
What Is wrong with brown eyes , brown skin ?
But on the other hand , some guys just like to flirt with girls or talk to girls .
Just look past her , like she 's not even there .
First time for both of us
If she likes music , an ipod would be good .
If you live in louisiana there is ; ) kidsdad1510 @ yahoo.com . i 'm steve
I should certainly hope so : - ) A more interesting question I think is whether I 've ever had a straight experience .
It CAN KILL YOU INSTINTLY IF YOU SNORT IT
And LET THEM COME AND MEET YOU .
All black dudes i no i do .
Everybody 's got their something ; yours just is n't boobs .
You made you are bed now you have to lie in it .
Find her grand son and ask him about her
Yes is is okay age is just a number
And how much you love him .
This is your best friend . your lover . your mate for life ! !
Why would someone automatically assume that someone is gay just because they are still a virgin
Do n't go looking arounf clubs or things like that .
Yes is is okay age is just a number
And how much you love him .
This is your best friend . your lover . your mate for life ! !
Why would someone automatically assume that someone is gay just because they are still a virgin
Do n't go looking arounf clubs or things like that .
Read how to win friends and influence people .
If not still listen to what it tells you and be cautious .
So to answer your question - - SEXY AS HELL
Jst look into her eyes . n say i want to father you are child !
Got ta get use to it or die from the loneliness .
I do n't even think that Ashton is good looking but he was my other husband in my dream .
The only answer is to BE BAD !
Yes I think you love him and much more than you think .
Wait AS LONG AS YOU CAN !
Anyway , if there is a gay bar/club in your area , then you can go there to meet people .
Yea i think so . i think everyone will have their true love one day !
Well if you dream about the same guy twice , i think you like him .
So its beetr you know his feeling and then go for him
I guess the ladies can really wear some guys out ; )
Anyway , if there is a gay bar/club in your area , then you can go there to meet people .
Yea i think so . i think everyone will have their true love one day !
Well if you dream about the same guy twice , i think you like him .
So its beetr you know his feeling and then go for him
I guess the ladies can really wear some guys out ; )
Let me know what you come up with .
Lose that zero and get yourself a hero ! !
Keep them laughing alot , humor is great for any relationship .
I think when you have a good kisser you  will not care about lips
Like a lust in my body !
I kind of feel intimadated and think ill be turned downed or be made fun of or something .
My heart says She 's the one , stay with her . STAY WITH HER !
I accidently said I love you too .
Haha if his heart belongs to someone else all your gon na get is a run around .
And if not , then at least your still friends .
Are you thinking about her often ?
That Is just beggin ' for presents sweetie .
Instead of saying something like , I 'm sick of hearing about your boyfriend !
If in doubt go to In'n'out burger .
I get the whole insecure thing .
Then you know you love them
Give him a promise to give hime somthing .
Give him an ultimatum - the porn or you .
Only what you make of it .
Does he want to know what you are like in Bed ? ? ?
When SHE DOES SUPPORT HER AND TELL HER THAT SHE 'S THE MOST BEUTIFUL WOMAN IN THE WORLD .
We met last year on Yahoo Personals and got married last month !
Because , gay guys understand girls , straight guys do n't .
And then after wards you can take her out to eat and talk about the movie .
There is this guy that I like .
I 'm a guy myself so I know how we think .
Why DO I LOOK SO GOOD ? ? ?
Although is a kiss really ever innocent ?
When she starts fighting with you just tell her .
Also , ask her what feels good .
I Am not shallow and I trully do love him .
Well anyway , its what I do .
Hmm . r you not tellin her something ?
When you find out let me know !
My advice to you is MOVE ON !
I Am not shallow and I trully do love him .
Well anyway , its what I do .
Hmm . r you not tellin her something ?
When you find out let me know !
My advice to you is MOVE ON !
Girls do like like nerdy-looking smart confident guys i.e .
Best love pair would be sohni mahiwal.i like there love story .
Just because mama says it doe n't mean its true
And think of a different plan .
Yes , if you are sure he will keep the family , like work and bring money in .
Yes I have a million ( well really ten but you know ) gay friends .
And no it 's not necessarily you , but them .
Depends . are you both married or single ?
Never DO ANYTHING THAT YOU CA N'T LIVE WITH TOMORROW .
I have no idea why they  are like that .
Lunch date , dinner date , movie date - no issues .
She  will do what you tell her to do .
Keep us satisfied at home and we will not .
Have you been having sex with your boyfriend ?
Do n't always cut your hair like a guy .
She could have been just struggling financially and looking for a sugar daddy .
Sometimes you think you know , it drives you crazy , and he 's really not guilty .
Happyness dosnt always come from beauty .
Trust me girly once they see you in a skirt withsome clevage showing they different .
Here it is the answer to when a man is considered a sex adict when he is born .
Just because you do n't have that latest gadget or car does n't mean what you already have is n't good .
In my oppinion SEX is the one that even animals can do .
I am in the 7th grade and my parents let me date so what should i do
Take care of your appearence but do not obsess .
YOU do not it just hits ya in the bak of the head
If he 's not , do n't worry , there are others out there .
He does not want me to tell the father .
I love a woman with full lips , a nice round butt , and big breast .
That Is like asking if a guy likes blow lobs .
Yes YOU CAN BUT SO N'T YOU THINK THAT YOU NEED SOME TIME TO TRUELY KNOW EACH OTHER MORE
Sign up for the ones you like .
Just be sure not to get smashed !
- How old are his kids ?
Love are not got much to do with it , its more of a money thing
Any way , Who cares I would like you any way even if it was past your sholders ! !
Of course there is , just depends on what exactly your looking for in someone .
Take a few minutes and really get a take look down there .
Maybe not the ovaries . but it would hurt like heck !
I do that to all my guy friends .
Sure , men think with their little heads .
You say : Do you wan na go out ? .
So your an ass and p ) ssy man eh ?
Usually it starts with a kiss . good luck !
I was very ugly guy at the time i proposed her but now i am smart and cool .
Kiss.com . that 's where I found mine : )
I just do not like for a women to lie to me .
I think the most price-less gift in the world . but instead of it . people in iran ( my country ) . bye bunch of flower . roze .
Tell the girl you think she ` s really beautiful and you ` de like to get to kno her better .
I 'm tired with the i 'm a commit-phobe excuse !
I think it sounds like you have some truly busy friends !
If not then it 's her loss.right ?
I think these buz cuts that guys have look really stupid .
Do n't worry about there not being a ton of good guys on your doorstep , you  are only looking for one .
Tell him you love him to , but just not in the way he may be looking for .
Yes i am 12 and i think i am i am love w/ this guy named thomas
But if you need one word _ generally I go with Understanding .
I love men because that 's the way God intended it to be .
Than you pretty much know what to do .
Once a guy sees you as a female , you can never go back .
Everyone does things at their own pace .
There are so many hot guys out there .
Get another girlfriend or have her stop doing what she is doing .
How do i go about telling him ?
Firstly I hope you  are not my girlfriend !
First thing first ; 1.did you date for a while ?
I do n't like it because I put styling stuff in my hair and its not easy to run through .
If she 's accepting the gifts . watch out .
You got ta do this : nothing ventured , nothing gained .
Now I am scared to call her cuz I do not know what to say .
Well , I 'm a guy so no .
You can not get that guy to like you .
What she will do then for you to hide it for so long .
Maybe because she regretted and just realized what she has lost ?
If she never lied and you never asked .
You just do it , if it is that big of a deal .
There are no girls that play hard like i do that i like to hang out with .
Plus it just sounds like your infatuated with him and maybe want nothing more than a physical relationship
Sometimes being single is more fun .
I Am sure he loves his girlfriend right now , but is it really anything serious ?
But i still do wonder who 's hotter ?
I do not get him I thought guys were supposed to call girls .
Do n't knock the ganja til you try it .
He/she is the person that I 've been waiting for !
If people ask say ya , but if they do n't ask do n't say anything .
If all else fails tell her your greatgreatgrandfather helped write the kama sutra !
Should I just forget it and leave it alone or should I act on it .
Nah do n't do it he might go crazy and turn in to a pshyco .
If you just want to have fun , go for it then .
Wait you will be so much happier ! !
It would be soooooooo much easier . Lol .
But he is such a great guy and loves her for who she is .
I told my boyfriend before i knew i was that i might be pregnant by my ex .
But if you ask and he says no then your left with the dissapointmet .
I 'm doing that now and i 'm in a fantastic relationship with an incredible man .
He 's an ex for a reason right ?
Then think of sumthin that has to deal with that to ask her out .
And i really love the guy a lot so i kind of do not want to break up .
Why are you thinking of him ?
Hi i am in the same position , my boyfriend lives out of state .
But do n't take this for granted , okay ?
And you will be happy if he is happy .
It feels good and it hurts like hell .
If it was about a meal ticket/way to USA only , why not a more virile young man ?
Why do n't you watch it with him ?
Because you girls got it going on !
I do n't have a best friend though .
Well you ca n't get the other perosn out of your head
As usual , only time can tell !
I broke up with this guy because I felt like he was suffocating me .
If you love him and he loves you then you  will know .
Slap a condom on go at it
So hang out where these people hang out
She hates sex , and does it to get what she wants , your money , power , or/and fame .
The SAD STORY IS . THAT WE WILL ALL BE DEAD ! ! ! ! ! !
Handsome SMART OPEN-MINDED AND DO N'T MIND BEING HIMSELF
After all , if you get married , its gon na be their kid too .
Take them both to see brokeback mountain .
If your partner is not happy without sex that person is not worth it .
Pick her up and take her to a park for a picnic .
You  are not with the guy anymore , so why bother ?
Bcuz they r fun 2 talk to bcuz they act like gurlz so its like havin a girl friend
I love you =Let 's have sex now 6 .
Com'on now . half the world is shallow .
No you are not , you are just on passing time till mr right comes along .
You are scared , your probaby not alone , he 's probably thinking the same thing .
No , alot of the stuff i ` ve gotten that was xpensive just fell apart
You need to consider , what if you get pregnant ?
Because there lame asses get a girlfriend or 2 !
No you are not , you are just on passing time till mr right comes along .
You need to consider , what if you get pregnant ?
Because there lame asses get a girlfriend or 2 !
They could go shoping wiff you though
Its like something is always missing in your life . and guess what , its Love .
Because you smoke , amd smokers ar n't worth loyalty lol
But my brother tells me that guys leave 'good ' girls for 'not so good ' girls for one MAIN reason .
If you have to ask how to do it , you probably could n't do it .
Has he meet her in person ?
Whatever you do do n't make the first move !
I call her my sexy little kitten .
Remember , you cud b anything from straight-bi-les-trans .
I want to get a girlfriend .
I guess you can say yes .
I do n't see anything wrong if a girl walks by and just says hi .
Why can she not do this ?
) and his reason was so i could go out with jonny .
But IN MY LIFE BEING A MAN , I THINK THAT THWY ARE GREAT .
And if he does like you ask him OUT .
You should always have trust in a relationship .
Its for the thrill . they like the excitement of hiding out and cheating . it makes them feel good i guess .
Do n't listen to anyone around you .
You got ta say it outloud or it 's hard to understand .
Pack your things and leave nd never look back .
Bad Boy bad boy what ya gon na do !
It depends if he loves you back ?
Do NOT TRY TO CHANGE A PERSON IT NEVER WORKS !
I think it 's too ordinary to have sex on the bed .
Do YOU DAYDREAM ABOUT YOUR FUTURE WITH THIS PERSON ?
Read what I said in your other question where I 'm posted ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Let him go . it 's hard but trust that life has someone EVEN BETTER out there for you .
I  will go to XXX stores , online shops , whatever I 've got ta do but I 'm desperate here , people .
I would not shower her with gifts .
Buy him a outfit or talk to him about it
You need to put your foot down .
I think he  would cheat on you .
Its certainly sex for the guy .
Does he love you too much not to let such beliefs come in the way ?
She may just be busy with other friends too , or maybe playing a little hard to get .
Well , not ALL girls like the bad boy type .
I Am sure she will be just fine and anyone can look pretty with confidence .
Lett him know you still care !
I really feel uneasy whenever hes around . wat shud i do ?
Iam here to help for free/
What kind of comments is she making ? .
Well i do not consider it a jungle .
Save yourself that , you deserve better !
About 8 hours a day ! - - that is way too much ! ! !
Here Is A ANSWER Noooooooooooooooooooo WELL I WOULD HATE A CLASS CLOWN i guess if he were smart like me
Do some of the fun things you 2 did before you got married .
And leave you out of it .
Once a cheater ALWAYS a CHEATER .
Should I wait until he gets home ?
They were friends and husband and wife .
My friend , you will not come between a fat grrr and her prey !
If I 'm answering questions like this one , a lot !
I 'm IN LOVE with my best friend .
You should just leave him alone . do you want to be happy or just keep rehashing the past
You will give a special gift to your wife on your wedding night !
You are assuming that all girls are the same .
That Is right , i said creep , because that is what any man is who would cheat on his wife !
Not only would I date a white guy I would marry one too .
Making love is by having sex .
As long you are husband heart wif you then everything is fine .
It is how you use it , not the size
I would like to chat with you .
So many girls even marry men like their fathers without even realizing it and the same with boys .
The person has been a virgin for so many years already .
Guys and gals have affairs because the want to love and to be loved .
Gold earing looks terrible on most guys .
No I 'm not between 12 & 17 and NO I 'm not gay .
Preferibly : Nice body ( Not miss universe ) , smart , leading , VIRGIN , honest , etc , you know , the good things .
I think that you should .
Just hang out with her all the time .
Or , if you recently started exercising a lot , that could do it .
I always ask for a sugestion to where we should go/eat/do/which movie to see .
I want to be your best friend forever and ever ! !
Is she worth a friend to you ?
People used to get married at that age !
Do n't try to get him back .
If is genuine then go for it !
Flirt WITH HIM BUT DO NOT TELL YOUR BROTHER ITS THE BEST START THE FLIRTING GIRL ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Watch out for the poetry slinging players on here
Besides , BY TIME I HIT MY BED @ NIGHT I 'M ONLY 1-2MINUTES AWAY FROM SLEEP .
That Is why dating comes before marriage ; - ) Good luck !
He obviously does not care that much about me .
The best way is to catch him off guard .
I mean they say it is and well i do not think it is .
YOU ca n't , she has to convince herself.YOU could only give her reasons why she should .
I do n't really know why I like freckly redheads .
The man it is somewere near the anus .
They say opposites attract , so why not give it a shot ? !
I do not think so , she is grown and legal and so are you GO FOR IT
I do n't think that you  are ready either .
Brains . though i have n't found a single girl with them
Please , do n't even bother to say ' I love you ' until like . 99th date ?
I like all kinds of women .
There are tons , but really think about it , my sister did it that way and now she regrets it .
If not discuss it with you wife .
Some are very erotic and some are offensive .
( Grass is always greener syndrome ) But really , I say , better the lover you know than the devil you do n't .
Or is more attracted to me when other guys are looking at me , or attempting to get with me .
You make love because you  are in love .
If you suck at that , get better somewhere else , say . oral sex .
Talk to her about it first .
And HE HAS NOT GIVEN UP ON YOU EITHER ! ! !
Just wait a bit and see where it goes .
However I can say when I was in 8th grade I did it ( I am now 26 ) .
We have been married 12 years now , have 4 kiddos , and I am still crazy about him ! ! !
So I guess that is what I look for .
That problem is that i like both of them but i talk about the other guy then my boyfd .
If YOU ANSWER YES TO ANY OR ALL OF THE FOLLOWING THEN I GUESS YOU CAN CALL IT LOVE .
They will do something like . that might ruin their life !
I 'm afraid you r going wrong .
If she really loves you she  will do all the above mentioned stuffs .
And I already gave her $ 40 .
Mabe you just do not ask and ya should
Besides all that , boyfriends are n't that great anyway .
Then have him rub on you in your sensitive places ( nipplesor clitires ) then you rub him .
Noway get rid of him once a cheater always a cheater if no physcaly menaly
Why would you date a guy if you like his cousin .
Only if you feel like you wan na do that
V ofn gt 2 lov those pple whoom v dnt wan na ! !
That Is when love will find you .
Gud question hunnie i am goin tru the same thin . a suggestion . 4get about him and move on
Master bate and think of him . and ad adult toys to the forplay
Call the police if she said it you could be next . Dummy
All I know is that when I see a pretty mane of red hair I think Whoa !
Better yet ask a friend of his if he has even mentioned you !
Eventually she  will balk and say , I give up !
4- Is it your job to protect these guys from her and their own foolish behaviors ?
Well , good luck , I hope it works !
Then ask one of them out .
Tell this person straight up , that you like them as a friend but it stops there .
The same way you would marry a purple lady .
Maybe IF YOU FORGIVE KIANNA 'S SINS AS GOD FORGIVES YOURS !
Also what that other guy said , too little body fat can make your period late .
Sex means you do n't really care about the person . you just want sex .
You  will be happy in the end , trust me !
If she/he is trying to kill you , GET OUT ! ! ! ! !
And your willing to go farther .
Do n't worry about it i 'm sure that your very attractive and you stand out .
You sound like someone that is desparate for love !
Most of the guys do n't get scared of girls .
I do n't know much else to say ?
Enjoy your life and i am not saying dump him ya  will just need to move slow .
They r being honest , but not in the real sense .
Just GET OVR HIM HE 'S APPEREANTLY A JERK AT LEAST THT WAT HE SOUNDS LKE 2 ME ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Sit down at a nice dinner and try and weedle out of her what is bugging her .
Just go up to him in front of a group of people and say , ok you suck , it 's over .
Actually it does n't look like he wants it to keep going . sorry for that .
How are babies made and what are the risks of pregnancy
Either way , you wo n't know unless you just ask .
So , did you have sex with her ?
It 's because everyone just likes to have sex
Obviously that person got some Fukin issues .
If your hot just wait if not be more aggresive
They thought they were in love , but fifteen , sixteen , seventeen is just too young to know what love is .
To tell you the truth , i do not no i am not married
I saw you from afar and could not help but not if atleast say hi .
So it was easier to not get that deeply involved with someone at too young an age .
Nothing is worse then sitting at home with nothing to do but think about that person .
I am 13 and i am NOT gay
Well say it nicely to avoid offending & hurt her feelings
How did you know that she have a picture on the dating internet ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Forget it size does not matter at all . for enjoyment .
Your man had better LOVE you .
I do not think there is anything funny about something like that .
Some s DO have morals and hope for REAL love !
You should love who you really love .
She even lied about having cancer one time for attention !
I do n't know that that can be proven .
I 'm 23 and i 'm still virgin and i 'm proud of it .
I TRIED BUT IT DID N'T WORK .
And 2 if she do not wan na go for it then no . enjoy her safty
Wow , what are you in like the 2nd grade ?
I bet you would n't like that other girl very much either .
Like you all are able to read our minds .
Hell NO IT DO N'T MATTER IF SHE YOUNGER OR OLDER .THERE HAVING BABES AT CRAZY AGE NOW
Yeah , never sounds like a good answer .
Do n't sleep with then any more
Sometimes jungle fever means that its an interracial relationship
Yeah baby lol . show sum skin or w.e you got ta do yanno lol
If you are n't , then we  will wait , but not too long .
What kind of thing is that to ask ? ?
Stay true to who you guys were .
Yes YOU CAN , YOU NEED TO REMEMBER WHY YOU FELL IN LOVE WITH HIM IN THE FIRST PLACE .
He HAS A PLAN FOR YOU AND THESE MEN ARE NO LONGER PART OF IT .
At first it is n't very nice .
At first it is kind of uncomfortable , but then you get used to it .
I love her so much , , , she do not know ! !
Imagine if they really liked a girl and she totally turned him down .
Yes very much i love justin we kissed just today and a lot more ; )
And if that man knows she 's doing this stuff . how stupid he must be to stay !
Go A LITTLE FURTHER SOUTY AND YOU WILL HAVE IT ALL
I got a around 7.5 penis is it a good size ?
You are fine , just do n't marry one of them .
He has moved on , be happy for him , wish him well , & get on with your own life .
Therefore it belongs to no one
Do n't knock it till you try it .
Now if all of you are just best friends .
You sound like a stalker get some help
And some women , especially big , beautiful , CONFIDENT women , are just extremely sexy .
You already seem to know the guy .
And you find out he 's screwing some other girl and telling her he loves her .
Is n't there something unusual that you know she wants ?
So my boyfd got mad and never talk to him .
You will just know you will feel it
Yea i think its ' ok to date someone old then what you are now .
Just depends on the person . some like one or the other . some like both .
And nice guys can be just as adventurous and exciting as those bad boys .
This guy is still inlove with his exwife .
I feel wierd about this but do you like me cuz i like you .
Have you ever heard of . love the one you  are with . Go to the dance with him and have fun !
If you are ok with it , and noone will get hurt then I do n't see why not .
Try you are hardest to win her back .
Just do n't try talking to her .
Not required but much more fun that way .
R you sure you love her ? ?
I think they do . its just like when white women like black men its the same
More info , we are both in our very late twenties .
You  are a good friend , and I even have stronger feelings than just that !
There sexy and a turn on !
Your heart tell you to go and tell her !
I NEED A PILL THAT CAN MAKE ME LAST MUCH LONGER ! ! ! !
If they do n't believe in their own attractiveness .
Not all women are like that .
No , everyone is not between 12 & 17 OR gay .
And do n't worry - if you raise your child right , they wo n't think bad of YOU !
And never try to get him to . ever again .
So see how she feels about it and then get her drunk !
Well first of all a guy would not flirt with someone that he is not attracted to .
Might not hurt to ask them .
No mostly love , honor and cherish in modern ceremonies , older ones are obey
But let say you are a boy .
When i was 21 i had a girlfriend that was 28 so no i do not think so .
When your girl friend/boy friend will say Hell Yeah ! ! !
So please do n't blame those who have affairs .
Anyone who opens their eyes around him .
When your on a tight budget .
It does not matter who they are , if they are married , they are totally off limits !
You have a lot of time , do n't rush into n e thing .
He probably wants you for the wrong reasons .
Yes i am in love , with my children and grandchildren unconditionally !
If you guys do n't talk enough , that means one of many things .
They sometimes use it to control and sometimes just pull away from it and that can cause more jealousy
Do n't you think he will cheat on you , his girlfriend .
Well , I could n't have said it any better .
This makes me wonder how old you are ?
When she tells you more emtional stuff than ever
2- see that there woman is so in love in controling them .
So like browneyedmaiden said Be careful because men never truely grow up .
Good luck , and try it in home
Well , here are some ways to cheat on him : Cheat on him the way he cheated on you .
I think you might be ( lol )
My boyfriend never calls me and never writes it would n't be so bad if he were n't 2 states away !
Ther is no rush for kiss and se * .
Tell them to chill out , they obviously are selfconsious about something
Oh . you want one of those friends ! A sex buddy.Booty call .
What do you mean by like .
Ask one of your friends to ask him and see what he says .
You can use things you find around the house to do this .
Whoa dude . you 've got to be careful here .
Nope , there is nothing wrong with you .
But I think that he just wants sex and I do not want that plus he has a girl friend !
Leave him , you would n't like that to happen to you , right .
And we get along just fine .
I do not know how to get a good one .
Start flirtin wit him or somethin . tahts wut turns me on !
Why are they mad at you ?
Sort of like why women like to hang with gay men .
No , size does not realy matter , unless a guy is too big .
Like a blackjack dealer told me once .
1 well if she want it go ahead . but make it with safty .
I believe that men are truly from mars and we are from venus !
Are thongs comfortable I am thinkin on gettin one ?
Hey you can find any whore any where but is it really worht it ?
My friend taylor has gone out with both of them about half a month after we broke up .
These days anything could possible be an outcome .
A good way to tell is if he teases you .
I do not know what to do i am going to her house to see her today .
Just TELL HIM WAT YOU THINK
Probably because most Americans are downright lazy , or maybe just stupid !
You SHOULD QUIT DATING LOSERS AND CONS .
Stay home , cook a good meal and get a dvd
Luckily I found a woman with both .
We kissed on the 1st date and things have been going great .
And if he 's still scared , he 's probably just scary .
Can you introduce me to anyone who would like it
Then you get the benefit out of the deal too !
Now if a guy is involved all bets are off they go for the throat .
Maybe by talking about skimpy topics .
Just be glad you hav him i am a only kid i know what its like .
I read alot about this issue and so I am telling you this all .
I like this really cute guy , he 's not in my class he 's in my friends class .
Grab him and give him a big smooch ! !
If you like a bowl of soup then would not a biger bowl be even better ?
No this is not love ! If he really loved you it would not matter !
Learn how to roll with it ever so cautiously , or get out of the jungle .
Sure if he would like it
Well i have definately been there done that , it was horrible .
Playful in the bedroom is a huge plus ! !
It 's not like i want to .
Just love her too if you like her .
Are Not nothing wrong with it do what you do i think more people should be like that
Try talking to her friends and see what she likes .
Invite him for dinner you are parents will get to know him and will trust him .
Trust me , she will like it , coz that was what my bf gave me that really touched my heart !
It ENDS UP HURTING WORSE IN THE END IF YOU HIDE THEM .
This worked for me : Hi , my name is Kevin .
Ask him if he  would like to go to the movies with you next Saturday .
I thought that was just me but I guess not
Then if your ' e shy to start right away , Just have fun around him !
When you are an adult or in love .
B'caz you think urself very smart & clever .
I DO N'T KNOW WHAT SHE MEANS OR HOW TO IMPROVE MY CONVERSATIONS .
If that does n't work than go find someone else to like .
She may not be perfect but there is sumone out there for you ! !
Call her right now and say hey , I 'm gay then take it from there .
Plz if you get some nice ans then tell me too .
( if you know what I mean )
Guys want a thin , pretty girl who can handle the housework .
Between the F spot and the H spot .
Why in the wrolrd does your wife want you to have an affair ?
Going out with someone to make your ex jelous is so pathetic !
Tell him if you are girl f * * ked her friend would he like it .
Also , it helps if she is got a nice set of cans
YOU NEED TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.GOOD LUCK .
He broke up w/ me 4 month ago .
The other guy took my idea
Find a nice girl and marry her .
Nope , maybe a kiss on the cheek but you do not need to make out if you do not want to .
Like most of us really are .
Try dropping hints if you like him and see how he reacts .
Does not matter if the man is older but it does matter if the man is married .
If he really loves you he will wait and not push you !
I love doggy , its the best .
Why do not they think about love , care , and somethink about love should do ?
Go up to him smack him on the butt and say when are you taking me out ?
It is always wrong to cheat !
Oooohh , tough call , how did you find out about it ! !
I 'm sugarlump and he is Sqog ! ! !
He will even get me presents for no reason !
Be honest about it girl ok just be honest oh yeah i 'm a guy by the way
Only if it is beyond repair
However , do not use it to just get some .
There is nothing wrong . its just we  are not used to it .
I dream of my son alot .
Sex is just sex no strings attached .
He 's married . BAD KARMA . BAD KARMA
( When she ducks out to the bathroom ? )
If you like a guy and think he likes you .
This way if you feel they will say no , do n't do it yet .
I totally feel you on this one .
Just do n't become the bad guy in your son 's eye .
That 's the best thing to do it .
Only you can know when it 's right for you .
It 's sort of par for the course in this jungle .
I want to call her so much but i never have the guts to
Hell YEAH you make the cut .
They do n't want to hurt the guy .
Hmmm not sure what to think of what you said .
If you are a lezbo . lol no if you really love her lol sure .
Humiliate him by catching them kissing
I am 16 and looking for a friend to chat with . but there is not anyone . What to do ?
They do not want the whole bad boy only a little .
# 2 : Do you really want to get back or get even ?
Atleast PRETEND TO HAVE IT ORELSE HE MIGHT SEE ANOTHER FOR IT .
But then I said it outloud .
You would be jealous as hell
What do you have to lose ? ?
If you do , I  would like to ask you WHY ? ? ?
If he is so willing to ruin a good thing for a fling , then he is not worth it .
If he even dares to f * * k you then tell him it 's right .
You will never be happy if you ask that . you better say . i just want my life back . good luck to you : ) )
And I cannot meet a decent guy on the internet .
People always say once a cheater always a cheater .
Some people even do not kiss until their wedding day to keep it special .
Say you love himat the very first and you cannot live without himin you are life . easy !
Nope once a cheater always a cheater
; ) Little things a woman does is very noticable too . pony tail . ribbon in her hair .
Sorry , I have a b * tch already .
I 'm so sorry to hear that .
If he flirts back he might be a player .
Go for it but do n't over do it.good luck !
He 's a cheating * * * * * * * and using you too !
It 's weird , I know , but , that 's the way they are .
We do not need to find a good looking person in order fall in love with .
My answer 's too late but i would give you some advice though .
Women they tend to lie easy and yet they deman us to be true . lol
Me NEVER I will love you forever
( No , I 'm not a loser , but I 'm not popular , I 'm just normal , but he 's popular ) Help Me !
I love her and she loves me .
Have you try different kinds of guys , like guys who like spicy women .
It means that you are looking at other girls to hard & making her feel insecure
Well comb apparently grandma loves you you r still here right .
Try to see it from his point of view ok .
Ca n't wait for the answer to this one
I agree all the way with linda01
Let me no when you get an answer : )
So a lot of the time they beat around the bush , so he can tell if you like him .
Just need to tell someone it 's eating me alive .
Yes , Yes , Yes . Oh yeah and sometimes sleep .
You know , love likes a wind , you ca n't see but you can feel it .
You 've got your whole life to live - enjoy being young and in love !
^_^ by the time she does climax , it will be the best , strongest one she 's had .
No . you have to have the real deal
And you will end up broken hearted .
Life is so difficult right now please help !
Think about that before you give yourself away .
Either way he 's going to need you to be there for him !
So is this the same girl ?
: ) I hope you will get married .
It was a hard break up to get over , more so I think because of what I invested !
Just tell your man you 've had enough and it 's you or her .
Mostly insecure men want to do this to stroke their ego .
I think it 's good to wait until you are married to have sex .
We just ca n't live together as man and wife anymore .
Does anyone know how this is .
The one I found below is located out of CA !
And you wo n't stop it because you  are still in love with him .
What are your dislikes and likes about gurls .
Because i dream about her all the time .
If not you all may be growing apart .
I know she likes someone else , but should I tell her how I feel anyway ?
Go and beat the hell out of you are friends
So if you are that young maybe its no big deal .
Sometimes it totally depends on how he or she is classifed under class clown !
You can have one of your friends go up to him and flirt .
That Is just you are mind playing tricks on you
Ok pay attention to him flirt a lot
Most -14feb 25th dec and 15th june least-april and jan
Maybe if you ask her while she is drunker than bob dylan was before a concert !
I HAVE BEEN GOING OUT WITH A GIRL 11 YEARS OLDER THAN ME FOR 11 YEARS .
Other then sticking them in a room i suggest telling them to talk it out amonst them selves .
Salt & Pepper shakers ; towels & wash cloths ; silver wear ; bathroom set ; etc .
If he 's married then yes , duh
He never had sex with her ?
If you have to get proof then get through your doctor or something .
It does not attract girls.you got ta change that be serious but not too serious .
I do n't know anyone who did it wright the first time
Oh . and if you make Jesus the core of your marriage , everything else is even better !
I ca n't even visit her or nothin and she lives right upstairs !
There 's probably where I went wrong ?
There are n't many good men out there , so be careful !
Trust me it happen to me befor k and i feel all better to .
I do not see nothing wrong with a little bump and grind
Ask him what the deal is girl .
Why do you ask this question ?
Hey Chillin . I agree wid Superman , give him your vote !
No baby it just happen that what i think
But I ca n't help but wonder about hers .
Ask ? s , find out , depending on the answer dump him than c wats up .
Oh I want a girlfriend but only a hot one .
Girl says to guy , I am pregnant .
2 days ago , he came back !
If YOU THINK LIFE IS SO DIFFICULT RIGHT NOW , MAKE THE WRONG CHOICE AND IT WILL ONLY GET WORST .
Yes . WHEN FOR A WHILE I COULD N'T STAND TO HAVE SEX WITH MY B/F ?
If you have to ask . your are probably too young to be trying .
But i personally do not like them
If you are not hot , are you nice ?
Keep waiting you are friends will find you one or he/she will come to you , .
I think it is bad because they are your friends but that does not make it less sad .
Slap him around a little bit .
With this type of arrangement .
And I can honestly say now that I 'm glad I never got the guy !
I 'm just curious . how big is the average male 'part ' ? ? ? ?
The stork receives your email , and it  will be visiting ya along with a lil ' brotha/sista
Is there any sign that he like you too ?
Ok first make sure he knows you exist .
4 me der is no difference.its jaz it is much better to hear making love than sex .
If you mean see as in date , not I .
I really need to know what somebody other than my close friends think .
Be sure to be 'cool ' ( be nonchalant ! )
Yes . Love & Romance is different .
As long as that person loves you. btu who know they coild just pretend .
Lol I wonder that myself and have found that you do n't find .
Just call him from another phone !
Sex is safe when its only your wife !
Leave now before someone gets hurt doll !
And the guy i like likes my friend .
Period IT DOSENT MATTER WHO IT WITH
I wan na know what they like to do only talk or something else .
This is what she looks like : Blonde Shoulder Blade hair .
Walk up to him look him stright in the eye and ask him if he flinches beware
I see your friend likes her too ?
She is not of my comunity .
There IS NOTHING YOU CAN DO BECAUSE YOU LACK THE POWER TO LEAVE HIM ! ! ! !
Then introduce yourself then start hanging around more .
Lot of mistakes r made in haste .
Tell HER THE TRUE BECAUSE THERE IS KNOW NICER WAY .
How do i find out if she does .
Its a safer way to see things instead of maybe getting your girl pregnant or worse , do n't you think ?
First - brain second - look
You HAVE TO BE BRAVE AT ANY TIME .
( waiting for you to give them cab fare )
Just do n't buy the cheap types , they hurt
And you better do before someone else tells her that they like her . do n't waste time ! !
Have you ever told anyone else this info ?
That is wrong , I have gone to that stage before and you wo n't like it !
Know you are self first . do not care about others .
Take up yoga - the muscles it creates makes things more enjoyable . for you .
I cannot believe that you even needed to ASK this ! ! !
Just love him as a friend .
I see him 1 a month i worry about him sometimes about him and other girls .
Nooooooooooo , its not weird and exactly wat the other people said . rock you are own world dude !
Go into yahoo chat click on MUSIC ( hip hop )
Some women just have kind of a know these things .
Shania , becaus of her look , the figure and her mind PAM iiihhh , only titts ,
Check your grammar and spelling and you may get a response : )
What is the best way to tell if he 's cheating ?
Wait until marriage for it all please
If you love them it 's not stupid at all .
You were rong i am not any of those ages
I say this beats annal 1000 Fold .
By the way they act around you .
See if he realy cares about you .
Whatever you are comfortable sharing about yourself .
Becouse we can be very mean and dumb maybe she is jealouse of somthin ?
My mattress & sheets are way too comfortable .
See we have been friends for 5 years and i do not want our frindship to end this way ! ! ! ! !
One day you will appreciate him !
Complete honesty , let her scream and stuff if she needs .
I too married a guy who was in prison .
How am i supposed 2 know ?
And be sure to listen ; you should n't just be saying yeah and uh huh .
I like your message . you can send me a mail , we also could chat
Sorry to hear about this . you sound like a very nice guy .
He acts like he hates me .
Others OPIONIONS OF YOUR LIFE SHOULD MEAN NOTHING TO YOU .
Wait r n't you the guy who wants to ask the girl if she wants to sleep wit you ? ?
Well 2 tell you da truth it is better if you ask him .
The rest of that question . I ca n't even get into that .
Does it realy hurt the first time ?
He says he would take a girl with some meat on her over an anorexic looking girl any day .
Sorry she did that to you .
You SHOULD BE ASSHAMED OF YOURSELF ! !
I kknow this wo n't be enough but just hang in there at least you r trying
I did n't let him know how much it hurt to be just friends I just let him see me .
'is it okay to have on first date ? '
First of all how old are you ?
Are they kisses in the neck , massages , . ?
Are you having sex with him ?
You are alot smarter than most people your age .
I like my eggs scrambeled for tommorrow morning babe
If it really works , try it in real life .
You should do more than just kick her @ SS !
Just ask her to be honest with you and ask her .
It hurts too much you devote your time to someone and then there gone .
Oh yeah , find someone who believes in you .
If you wan na be some guys urge or make some one fulfill yours .
I never read it when young , but after 10 years of marriage . HOT
Do N'T PRESSURE HIM INTO MARRIAGE IT 'S THE WORST THING TO DO , YOU WILL REGRET IT .
Soemone who is willing to give something up just for you .
Girls marry the good boy and date the bad boy .
Hey there , It just so happened that I sent him a card the day before I broke it off .
I 've being on the same boat so here goes .
Try TO FORGET THE BAD THING SAND LOOK AT THE GOOD .
Absolutlaney took the words right out of my mouth ! ! !
How old are you or shall I say how young ?
I used to be that @ $ $ that would sleep with a girl and be done with her .
There 's a chinese saying that if guys are not bad women will not lyk them .
I think you should just go out with me
How about you try growing up .
Is a guy unclipping and touching my in public good ? '
If you did not have sex at the age of 18 you are a loser .
Well it looks like you 've got 2 choices .
You have a life to get on with and a beautiful daughter to raise .
If the guy wants to be a virgin then no
She would be like my best friend .
Call me . and I will prove you wrong
I would justed bring it up and go from there .
It means that they want to have sex with you .
Heart & trust because if they have these two they cannot go wrong
If you truly love him then you should n't give up !
Hey that is how I lost my ex wife .
Plus there are laws about that kind of thing .
If you know what made those experiences bad .
If she is self confident and feels sexy that is good .
YOU never know what you or they can do in different places .
You will fined this out on her eyes
Ps : i have alot of friends that like big girlz
Yes , just do n't buy cheap ones , made with uncomfortable material !
! stop looking and i 'm sure she  will come around sooner or later .
I do n't think they always cheat , perhaps you just have n't met the right person .
Does she like you if she says no then ask her if ther is any single friends she has .
Normal RANGE IS 5 - 6 INCHES THE MATTER IS NOT OF SIZE ONLY HARDNESS IS COUNT
Second , you can get real love by chance and luck with a guy or a girl . whichever one you want .
I want her be mine , not like property , but like for my eyes only , you know what i mean ?
Kind Of wat they said , if you really want to know , ask him . or wait until he asks you .
If you all are sexually active it may not be you that he wants . it may just be the sex .
Why ca n't I get him out of my mind ?
I THINK YOU WENT THROUGH THIS IN 5TH GRADE . IT WAS CALLED SEX EDUCATION CLASS
It depends on how much of the sandwich you 've eaten !
That 's easy ask her once and 4 all .
If HE SAYS YES ASK HIM DOES HE WANT TO GO OUT SOMETIME .
You have not contacted anyone on here have you try it .
How big is the age different . ?
I go for $ $ $ $ , a grill , got ta have style , a car . and THEN looks are n't that big an issue
Not doing bad things is not enough . that is in Luke for sure , and possibly in the other 3 gospels .
My boyfriend is the perfect man too .
Enjoy and think you  are helping a friend - his wife !
She will usually let you know = )
You just need to let nature take its course .
Why should he gets out with ma ex in the first place . he has no right !
I do not think girl need to worry about it .
Yes at first , but it gets much more fun
My bf wants me to try it .
Why ask if you do not know
If you really want to n really love , yes , you shall !
And the affair becomes an outlet where that new person gives them what there spouse does n't anymore .
First do a people search.if he has a listed # it is public knowledge .
Someone who backs you up 24/7
Either he loves you too , or its time to move on .
No way oce a cheeter always a cheeter dump his ass
Yea i do belive so if you really like the person .
If she dances around the question , chances are she prefers HIM !
Every1 wants sum1 dat dey can call dere own .
Do YOU FIND YOURSELF THINKING OF THIS PERSON NO MATTER WHAT YOU ARE DOING ?
It 's pretty good for me , as a saggitarian .
Yeah i had a guy like that once .
Some like their nipples touched and some do n't at all .
I guess we all react differently but I got a new career and a divorce and am lovin it !
Well now we have 2 little girls and they are beautiful & wonderful , but Now our relationship sucks ! !
# 1 : Why did you break up in the first place ?
My cousin always told me if you could suck his big toe , then you love him .
Only if I was gay . I am not .
I ca n't believe the monster she turned into .
Bein luved by sum1 special is like seein you are dream come true .
And REMEMBER THAT YOU FALL IN AND OUT OF LOVE EVERYDAY WITH HIM .
1st you ask her and then love her . so simple .
Pick some really good guys in your school and act flirty .
She would have to approve the girl you are seeing .
Girl if you r freaken stupid go ahead and do it but be smart and do not do it
There Is nothing wrong but to be on the safe side go see you are dr .
Is it a stupid thing 4 fall 4 someone many miles awayz from you ?
Could be intresting for me too .
How do you even know you  are gay ?
Do n't think about what you  are going to say , or what she 's going to say .
Bottom LINE_ Your not happy get out get out get out move on move on move on
If so it was n't meant to be .
Well if your care for him a lot then I would say do n't let him go yet .
Why do n't you take care of your wife now and your unborn baby and not your dick ,
First of all do not think , you must know he cheating .
Whenever I feel like I am drowning , I take a step back , take time for ME !
Girls love a guy to be romantic .
Else do not and give value to you r parents words .
I was on the phone with him and he asked me if i liked him and i did n't asnwer .
You might want to start with the chubby girls first if you want a quicker response
N of course if you are not too young !
I Am very shy how do i break it to him ?
Because you do what we say
What do you mean by here ?
I think its does n't matter tht you are best freind have best freind .
It did and me and my hubby both hesitated and grinned at ech other when we said it
Want to see him before it is too late .
Why should he marry you ?
Yas i am here to whome you are searching for .
Are Not nothin wrong wit comin quick if your not tryin to prove anything
Am I gon na have to kick her @ $ $ ?
Best friend or not , that guy needs to have his butt kicked .
Chop your head off while handing her the letter reading ; I WOULD DIE FOR YOU youo be the judge !
Girlfriend , ITS A FACT YOU ARE IN LOVE ! !
If he cares for you , he  will do just that : p
I want to know if i am in love with someone
When he sees you at your worst and still thinks you  are pretty !
Maybe He has , but maybe not .
Take him on a boat ride .
Either for a girlfriend or for a wife
Check out the little white wedding chapel , though . i have heard good things about it : - )
Sometimes the bad boys are just sexy !
Just because your relationship sucks does n't mean that it 's hopeless .
So y would you have 2 major girlfriends ?
You might as well start cheating on your man .
What is it a woman does while she kisses you that turns you on the most ?
Ask her out to a dance , or to a movie or something , like friends would do .
And oh i cannot stop staring at him ! .
I mean people do get curious .
Hep me out bro , am worthy , I take my oath on it .
No , to lose your virginity you need to put your penis inside of her !
If yes , then just pray and try to b friends .
Do n't knock it 'till you try it !
I was 12 and it was with my sisters best friend who was 15 at the time
But she hides the way she is .
18 is a great time to start .
You SAID HE HAS A GIRLFRIEND !
But I know this is not always true .
Go to a party get some ice cold water dump it on him and leave !
Wow is all i have to say to that , except that it is wrong .
About 2 1/2-3 inches inside the vagina on the upper side , depending on the girl . guys I do not know
Honestly girl , if you have ever seen hope floats , all the hulmilation is not worth the effort .
Just tell her that you cherish her friendship and that as friends you do not want her to get confused !
Nope not important . in fact , if she were i might get suspicios . kidding .
Pls read Isaiah 52 , preferably in the Old King James - oh Lord its powerful ! !
Tell him you still love him and that he is sweet
It means they want 2 fuck
If you are really in love . does it matter ?
Tell him that he is a jerk !
Congrats ITS A BEAUTIFUL THING I HAVE BEEN THERE FOR THE PAST 14 YEARS AND STILL LOVING IT !
Marriage IS A BLESSING WITHOUT A DOUBT ! !
Yes my wife is before 24/7 3 to 4 days before she starts
Groups are so cliche and people just need to start hanging out with whoever they want to !
If your still having problems then you should not have her .
My girlfriend is black and sh says dat white man r the best
You know what goes around , comes around , so think of not to cheat .
The clitoris and nipples because they are the most sensitive
Now that 's something you do n't hear everyday .
Fifteen is way too young to get married .
Just walk over and simply say hi .
I always finish WAY too soon . it gets better . I 've been with my wife for 3 and a half years !
Thing of a sexy thought and i do believe your in
I 'm sorry but I ca n't do this .
Have your friend flirt and ask if he has a girlfriend and what does he think of you .
Am iunattractive or do i not stand out ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Why would you think men are the Idoits ?
High tech stuff . that is what i want .
Even after pills , if it still do n't work , try getting her exotic pleasuring toys .
I do not think its that late .
Does he feels comfortable being around you ?
Not like men , who * * * * just to * * * * .
Anyone out there have a mandingo ?
Can someone PLEASE prove to me that this world is not full of jerks ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Well i would find another guy and forget about him .
Were do you live and how old are you write me back at iwalktheline247 @ yahoo.com thanks you seem really cool
When he randomly flirts with you and wants you to play guy sports and asks you to go steady ! DUH !
For sure studs or small hoops they look sexy on guys , big earrings look ugly on guys .
My wife told me that she needed a ride home .
Well . FIRST , curvy and thin do n't REALLY happen .
Well I do like larger women 's .
Oh and do n't try to hard
Moreover she told my brother she did not like me .
Ask yourself the big question : Who gives me butterflies ?
Go up to him and say Do Not lie to me I know you are dating some other girl !
Becz girls think they are clever that is why boys like cheating
Show HER THAT YOU ARE REAL AND THAT YOU LOVE HERE AND CARE ABOUT HER AND HER BODY .
You Will appreciate him more when you meet him and hell know it , in turn hell be very grateful .
I get sex once a month . maybe .
Oh BY THE WAY THE TURN ON IS THAT US BIG GIRLS ARE BEAUTIFUL TOO .
She is always accusing me of cheeting or web-camming with other woman.i am not , at all .
You can love some one eny times or eny way do not wory
Or tryin to talk about hte 'other ' stuff .
Some of us just cannot help it .
I check my e-mail a lot and I use instant messenger .
Why you care who thinks bad about you ?
Hey ther not a need to kick a * * in fact you shld feel happy .
My Crazy 8 Magic Ball says , Definitely Not
If not , at least you are friends with some one you like .
Hay , why not ask a friend to ask him if he likes you ?
That Is a good question one that really only you could answer .
But most of the time it is .
Dat a person always has a person 4 him/her no matter wut ?
Some , like maybe your sister does .
Men split in thay field to 2 group : 1- see the jealous as asign of love .
Which she does with the nurse .
Guys are bigger liers girls tell the biggest lies .
If not , then you will know for sure .
Your as sick as she is .
Take it nice and easy Do Not push to hard .
Well its totally up to you .
YOU stated in you are quessie that he tried to kiss you or sumthin .
Um i am confused as to why you are wife would want you to cheat !
Please check it out . you  are life will change ! ! ! !
Of course yes it matters because for me longer is better , better to suck yeahh ! ! . uhh.uhh .
Otherwise , it always gets back to the guy and he is even more hurt .
You have to know your guy .
Because of their complicated brain . they just do n't think right most of the time .
Most cheerleaders ( no offense at all ) are stuk up , though i have met ones that are not
Til death do us part .
I would n't worry about it so much .
But now be friends with him to see what is going on
Carefully so you do not get hurt , honestly so he knows he was asked out .
YOU should wait to get married or even have sex so you can really kno k
If it does n't we might regret it
He always ask me why do i like that guy or that guy .
Or YOU COULD JUST WRITE HIM A LETTER AND HAVE SOMEONE ELSE GIVE IT TO HIM OR YOU CAN .
Just be careful what you wish for , you just might get
Sorry , it just totally rubs me the wrong way !
Umm tell him that you know .
It gets boring make it fun interesting .
That is why , girls always cheat on boys .
If she does , then you do n't have to spend any more time thinking about her .
Maybe they cannot figure which is betta .
He is not in love with you he just wants someone to have on the side
Guys are soo easy to turn on .
What do people build there relationships on these days ! !
I do n't think there is any set amount of time that is right for everyone .
Let him say i love you first .
I do not know but I do not cheat on girls .
Cos you are husband is still attractive .
I totally agree with i know-pick me This guy is a complete jerk and you probably r one too .
YOU do what you fell deep down inside .
My GIRLFRIEND SAYS WE DO N'T TALK ENOUGH .
A man probably does n't have to lie to his guy friends .
Is it totally bad for me to envy them ?
( but i 'm not 1 of them )
I heard . apples make them good in taste
I  would have to choke a b ! tch
I think with . almost everything in life . you should not be rushed .
I  will answer with a favorite quote .
You sound like a nice person .
If I ever get married again , Vegas is the way to go .
Is it wrong for a woman to ask instead of the man ?
Got to be careful with that one .
5- How do you intend to get to him to tell him this ?
Well . * why * do n't you want to have sex with him ?
Sometimes , just do not over do it because then it becomes annoying , but otherwise yea !
And then she gave me $ 20 back .
Its ok , ill go out with you lol
Do Not do anything you do not want to do !
Just show her how to have a good time ! ! !
Actually i like it when my girl acted jealous .
I kiss my husband whenever I feel Like it .
If you really love this person then marry this person.You will b very happy
Just because she likes girls does not mean she wants you .
When I GET IN MY BED I THINK OF SLEEP .
If he cheats on his wife he can cheat on you .
Love moves and works in mysterious ways .
No means no , and waiting till you were crying was too long .
Do Not LET IT BECOME A ROUTINE ! !
You could read some books if he 's not willing to get some counseling to help both of you .
Just come out wit it when he comes over to see you
Stick WITH HIM , EVENTUALLY YOU  WILL STICK AS WELL .
Anyway , I hope this does n't sound too sick ( it is your question after all ) and answers your question .
And he cannot always hang out with us because he lives 15 minutes away !
Not at all . as long as the chemistry is there age is just a number .
You  will still young and you have a lot going for you in life you know .
Unless there are other reasons why you 2 should get married .
But I ca n't deal with lies .
You know the little boats that are in italy .
Fuck the shit out of both of them , maybe even at the same time !
Its you are life enjoy it with you are way .
It ruins relationships , lives , families - does he have any kids ? ?
Because men tend to make it out to be more then it really is !
Find a hobbie that you 's can share .
Yes its cute to see them breake rules , but i mean get a life and get over it !
I do n't know about me yet but , my mom 's friend got married to a black guy .
So I do n't know if you should go that deep .
Keep in mind I am REAALLLYY shy .
Hi i can be your friend mail me at harryblehnabladder @ yahoo.com names sherly
And if he does n't like you then it should n't matter .
Because if your just desperate for marriage then you can get anybody .
Skinny looking things do n't do it for me .
We broke up and i just want to be friends .
If you are JJ then there is no way that kaylin likes you .
Depends on how old you are , but you may just be late .
My friends name is taylor and i have gon out with 2 boys who is names r jake and dalton .
You better tell that B * * * * to back off.sorry for the word but if you like him fight for him
Yeah , but do you think at the that time he really was thinking ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
And if he feels the same way i feel about him , is it really love ?
What kind of question is this
She set me up with a nurse of hers .
He does n't just have a girlfriend , he has a WIFE !
Some people do n't believe in marriage .
They JUST DO NOT CARE NO MORE .
1.well how r you going to marry them if thier still in prison ? ? ? ?
If he does you should talk to him .
Now you should worry if your 50 years old and never been kissed .
You are young and you have to find the right person .
Because there idoits never trust them but if there yur parents or brother sure
Once a cheater always a cheater .
The one who was n't afraid to tell my parents where to shove it . LOL .
I hope time will run its course and I catch the sex bug again .
Y is it dat nothng is as per our wishes ? ? ?
If you do n't love him , i do n't think you  would care that much if he cheated on you .
And woundered why girls did n't like me .
Probably the same thing you want .
( his way , or the highway ) When I want to , he gets all mad most of the time .
Specially when I say I love you to her .
Think of the things he  would like best !
Just wait it out , if he likes you , he is going to eventually ask you out again .
My milkshake brings all the girls to the yard , and their like , it 's better than yours .
# 4 : Is it worth getting back and why ?
And i do n't think he ever will .
Just give him a peck every once in a while ! !
Be it 6000 miles like mine , or 6 miles .
Nice guys are boring to women .
Because i could not see that with this person , she got her citizenship and then blew town .
Which my wife told me she would to make sure i was happy .
Make it fun for her and you
If it takes 20 years than so be it .
It is jerks like that that give good guys a bad name .
It just stops all of a sudden !
I know you are an old fashioned guy .
It always amazes me when I see women like this .
At first they feel funny then it feels really comfortable !
I did n't change my name back after I got divorced only because I am lazy like that !
Big women or small women , it should n't matter .
Umm . i guess it can both ways ! !
He looks beond the snoby cheerleader .
Well I just took my girlfriend to see Memoirs of a Geisha .
Just because you have the hots for some guy does not mean you should start dating him .
He has a plan for you ! !
My brother loves this girl , whom i have met once .
Hun if he keeps you a secret he ai n't worth it in the long run .
Let him get off his lazy butt and go pick out a ring and plan ONE STINKING ROMANTIC night .
I did n't really lose what I thought I had , because it never exisisted !
Do n't think of something that does n't exist .
From my experience some men ( not all ! )
1 . hang out with your friend AND your boyfriend .
Talk about having a full plate !
# 3 : Do you really LOVE him ?
2 weeeks shy of my 13th birthday .
What does this all mean , does it mean he likes me ?
You PROBABLY CA N'T BUT IF YOU LIKE HIMTHEN DO N'T GO OVER THE HILL WITH TI
Do something to her that you do n't do to any other girl .
If it was me i think i would tell her .
You  are just not sure if the other might freak out .
I think for a person to cheat on another person , they ca n't honestly care too much .
My hubby & I are 28 .
Then its mean she LOVEs she She loves you
You were his friend who is now with thier mom.so be carefull of what you ask for .
Why will he not let me go ?
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
YOU should appologize to him and tell him that you were n't serious and forgive him
Odd , if he really did n't WANT you to see the text message .
18 , my first semester of college
You ca n't keep stuff like that bottled in .
Use them as if they were trash ?
2 years , what a waste of time !
I do not believe in romance without legal marriage , even she also like to have a home .
I WAS 22 WHEN WE MET .
Patience and chastity . i suspect that you gave him your heart and your body long ago .
Ask him what he 's staring at
Never I REPEAT NEVER USE THE L WORD
( if he knew how upset the initial blow was , he  would never talk ! )
He is waiting until he gets married !
Why do n't you just call him ?
If he cheats once . he will do it again .
And who could not use another good friend .
Mmm . sorry you need to be their for your wife and baby .
No not unless you both want to
Is he a little playa playa ?
You to make yourself comfortable around him .
I Am not a guy but one time I did cry b/c it was my first multiple orgasm doggystyle .
Its good to smile shows you are confidence .
Why he ca n't get none from his girl . you think it sex . then ask him .
Do you really want to break up with your fiance ?
From there is where you should start trying new things to try and get you in the mood again .
Becuase of the guys you pick , not all guys are like that .
Talk to his friends , get them to help him find you ; )
Do n't try to convince yourself that its a bad idea .
Just tell he/she that they are are annoying or if he/she starts getting annoying just tell him/her to chill
-^.^- . it 's the best way !
You could always become a porn star . Lol .
God CARES about each one of us , HE MADE YOU ! !
6 inch gage is sexy on a sexy guy
If he has a girl then move along .
No I do not have a boyfriend , but however I do have a wife . lol
Told ya do not act do not panic its nothing but hormone rush.enjoy it.be cool atleast you know you love him
Try to find a good lookin guy with a big women , will not happen .
Because you are stalkin or sweatin dem or just annoying.mayb
Yeah I think you should but just as close friends at first .
How about little love notes around the house ? . maybe with his shaving kit ?
He is loving you too right ?
Even IF ITS FOR SELFISH REASONS TO TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF , YOU SHOULD NOT HOLD ON TO A GRUDGE .
That usually means you asked the wrong guy .
Aw do not listen to those two .
You have to stop loving him
Yes.to my little cousin.but not to some1 special
Tell them its over i do not want you your a dickhead
Give every guy a chance . I Am me at meow3994 @ yahoo.com 4 more info .
I sat with her the the first day I saw her .
Get to know each other and hang out .
Sex . to women it means commitment . one nighters . are a slap in the face , basicly making her feel like a chaep whore !
If you want a hoe , find a hoe .
Some guys do not kiss girls while doing it , but its the best when they are affectionate .
Like , If you could be any animal , what would it be and why ?
Do n't get me wrong i love them , dearly , and really truely happy for them .
There are good guys out there you just have n't found the right one yet .
Then tell about the code . Never date a friend 's ex .
Total slap in the face to a guy .
It WILL AFFECT YOUR MENTAL HEALTH AND YOUR PHYSICAL HEALTH FOR MANY OR THE REST OF YOUR YEARS .
Yea well that is what girls do ! ! !
She 3 years older then him
Get the hell out of there !
Queen , try not to take the chat rooms so seriously .
And you ca n't keep it inside anymore .
By the way do not care what your friend think they  are not the one sleeping with him .
I guess just be yourself & keep everything on a comfortable level ! !
And maybe the both of you can work things out .
Think of what you  are doing to them ! ! !
I am agree with the girl at the last
If you post here does that make you between the age of 12 and 17 or gay ?
A breather if you could say .
I like you just as a friend
Become the best friend she ever had .
Good luck n the relationship though
He thinks we do n't notice , but we do !
A friend who was the daughter of one of my dad 's friends was visiting .
I do n't want a divorce , but I want to be in love too .
I bealive its because they are insecure with his or herself
It 's hard on me and I love him .
My kids are 5 and 3 .
Well has she seen da ?
Do Not have a friend ask him whatever you do b/c that could lead to more difficulties .
Once you go thong you do not go back .
I beleive its OK for a woman to ask .
Yes , very much so for the first time !
Fart on her face a few times .
Nice question . my answer . go to a place where morality and insanity works hand-in-hand !
I 'm in similar boat as yours , but i am against divorce .
Of course there is always love .
I do n't know yet , and i 'm not planning to know for a little while longer : )
Yes , and he never had a clue .
Maybe your girlfriend is just ugly XD
You an interogate him about anything and find out anything if he really does love you .
It will ( if they get married ) make their wedding night so much more special !
Just like girls , some cheat some do n't .
L=love I=is F=for E=ever If you spread love for everyone , you shall be remembered for ever .
Well , if you  are willing to give up sex , then we  will take it .
Why head over hills in love ?
I do not like using the phone that much .
Say hi and try to get to know him a little bit .
There are girls who like class clowns .
Needless to say i am devestated !
I Am not sure who she is . r you tammy ?
I agree w/ everyone that anwered this is that it is 2 late ! ! ! !
If you are sweet then you would get sweetness in return ! !
That IS THE ONLY THING THAT WOULD MAKE HIM SORRY FOR WHAT HE LOST .
I thought she was stupid AND ugly !
I asked this question once but maybe I need to explain myself further .
Wireless gamepads , wireless headphones , you know . its cool to go wireless now .
As much as they can get away with ! !
If not , then i guess you either stare back , or simply ignore him .
You need to work on your spelling !
Dump his ass and move on you do n't need to be with a jerk like that .
Get her drunk and make out with her .
And always stress that it is who she is that you care for , not what she looks like !
Ok i have a boy friend and i like another guy .
If she messed up then forgive her .
He always stares at me and throw stuff at me ?
I said I love you to my ex because I really love her .
I do n't know what it is .
Then AFTER A SHORT WHILE HE WILL CHEAT ON YOU AGAIN .
I have been with my husband since we was 10 and 11 and we got married last year .
Find out why they accuse you that .
Just say this : If you do n't like me , just leave me .
Trust me when i tell you he does not seem worth changing your future for
I am just too old of a guy to be talking with a young girl of your age .
Smile , laugh , do whatever it is that you do to have fun !
I never realized how much i liked them until i wore regular panties again one day .
I 've got a good friend named Hannah .
Do Not Know about you , but if is good it makes me laugh , not cry .
I agree with all the people in here .
! . F'in two chicks at the same time is just NASTY ! ! !
It 's crazy and fun and totally cool .
Honey if he loves you enough to wait then you have a much better chance of things working out
Your married and your wife wants you to cheat and it 's okay with you ?
Class clowns DO NOT attract girls !
No I have n't there but the best thing is to talk to an attorney . Best of Luck .
No , it just means you are smarter than a lot of other 18 year olds who are n't .
Woman are jelous of their frien true or false
Well the respectful thing to do is not override your parents rules !
A marriage is a holy thing that should not be poked fun of or mocked .
I think that you should call her .
We are talking but i do not know if he likes me i need help
Maybe ask her out in a few weeks .
Talk to her about it , do n't just ignore her !
Do n't look for a relationship , let it find you .
Check twice ask a guidence counsleor at school this is just my oppion
But if you want an answer , girls get more pleasure coz guys love to please .
Hence the old addage that women mature before men , is totally true .
I Have been there , right where you are , and it hurts !
Try the Internet ( e.g. , match.com , yahoo.com , . )
All so you getting your pay back buddy .
Give then something that YOU love that they do n't know you love .
Test you person so that you can go to the next sooner than later .
Hell yeah he will . what 's he doing now ?
Well if you think he is cheating then you souldnt stay with him .
Each block has one . pick a good one and have fun !
Size Does Matter : D I 'm Just kidding .
All the rest will follow soon .
Because of you guys thinking that they are cheap after they 've done it
I do n't want to leave my husband becuase i have 3 kids .
B/c they have no personality or they r jealous of you for some reason : )
Feel love or deep fondness for .
I have told him my feelings but he did not answer me .
About 1-2 hours a day it depends on how much hw i have
He 's not in his comfort zone , it 's tuff !
Because if you dnt , you  will regret it 4ever .
Hangs out with you when he has nothing to say .
YOU do realize , that socialist does n't mean you are social like a socialite .
Does n't that sound cool to say ?
Would you ever want anyone to do that to you ?
Yes i am 14 and yes i am straight
Does n't anyone pbelieve in good old love ?
You are still in school , so you should n't be getting busy with ANY of them anyway !
Yea duh but when we get use to it its no stopping so yea pain is pleasure !
Do Not think about it that much . if you really want to know you should investigate .
Keep a sun lounger at the beach for him at 6am
If you do n't like it after a few trys tell your man you do n't wan na it up the but .
Tell dem to g et over it you love him n dats all that matters
He DOES N'T TELL ME HE LOVES ME ANYMORE , WE HAVE NO COMUNICATION AT ALL .
I will be taking applications at resqmedic1971 @ yahoo.com ha ha ha
Do N'T WASTE YOUR TIME AND VIRGINITY .
She probably means the conversation is too superficial .
I THINK ITS BETTER YOU FOR TO ASSES YOUR INTERESTS & THEN PUT MARKS IN FRONT
Simply BECAUSE HAVING SEX ONLY IN THE BED CAN BECOME ROUTINE AND BORING .
No , ( and if someone says yes you are gay.no offense if you are . )
I have n't told him though because I Am used to guys my age ( 25 ) NOT wanting comittment .
: o ) And if he really does love you , Keep Him
And of course , he asks you on a date
This is the third time to see such a question this week ! ! ! !
She probably just wants to be happy and not lonely !
Look it up on line if you do n't believe me .
No , but if you think you  are that good I 'm willing to have an open mind !
And also YOU Cannot make her accept your propsal .
No , i do believe some ladies r very cute but i never could do nething w/ them
Why are you being a jerk to your friend ? If she is bugging you just tell her !
But i also love the nurse lady very much.would i be selfish in getting a divorce .
Yep , like the girl above me said . an interracial relationship .
Go different places do not be shy , have fun with it , flirt
You get one chance . you blew yours besides you had a rason to leave so why would you go back
Boooooooo . We do not like to cheat !
Those are gay do n't think they are gay , THEY KNOW THAT .
And now my BOYFRIEND ditched me for my old friend ! ! ! ! !
Just very simple , do the sex when you both need it .
If no , then just try to be friends with her .
You want tell a girl that you are in love with her !
You must be 12 yrs old ! !
You are not that dumb of a girl to even put up with it .
My exhusband had a 9 inch penis but he did not know how to pleasure a woman at all !
If yes , how should I tell her ?
Just say no , I do not want to have sex if you do not .
Be rude and annoying until she is leaves willingly .
Does ANYONE KNOW OF A PILL THAT CAN MAKE ME LAST LONGER ? ? ! !
His voice stumbles when you talk to him you catch him always looking at you .
YOU should never see this creep again .
Who would see a married man ? ?
Rose pettles leading to tub alot in the tub with you in it waiting for him .
Are you saying that your both marryed or that your gay ?
You need to cut ties with this guy right now .
If you do not mind message me in yahoo
I think it is just a guy thing , they never give you a straight answer , that is normal for them .
I have NO love for a guy that cheats on a pregnant woman .
Hmmmm , this is a good one .
Movies . lotions . food . lol , or props of some kind to kick-start things again .
Can work out with me I guess other guys NO WAY
. and that is only a cople ways to know , belive me when it happens you will know .
But it 's also full of nice sweet caring guys .
Help me figuring this out . why love make some girl like me feel love suck ?
Oohhh hard one , you cannot force yourself to fall in love .
Yep , the last answer should work : ) no , not that one , the one above it : )
No break , no vacation no relief . you go , you stay .
Will i have sex with girls
Try to hang out with her , or accidentally bump into her in the hall .
Same with perfume . less is more ladies .
A realationship just means that your gonig to be loyal no cheating
They have really wet couchie and you do not have to worry about them messin over you .
How do I tell her I like her ?
There are plenty of guys out there !
You Are grandma might have killed him .
I agree with chacha777 . you are even bless that you have one .
My parents hate him and will not accept him because of his looks .
Seems some need to make up things to impress to get in more pants .
Catch her staring at you and you would know .
You owe it to her and you owe it to yourself as well .
Y cnt we love whoom we wan na lov ? ?
A strong male hormone that prompts them to do things they  would never do if they did not have it ! ! !
Guys are often scared to ask a girl out because if she says no it can hurt his pride .
I would just beat his @ $ $ .
I 've seen some beautiful women going out with men that I 've said why to .
Thong Panties . do I need to say more ?
It 's great that she still revs my engine but I wan na rev her 's too !
What is good and what is bad ?
Take the time to get to know ea .
and usually after you stop looking .
Love is not about sex , lust is .
And if that do not work try swinggers partys there great.lol
He dribbles . he shoots . he scores . 2 points .
As soon as you think you have them figured out . bam !
Now i feel weird if i am wearing anything besides a thong .
Should Not go out with him ever again . cannot be trusted .
I never cheated , but could not handle constant accusations so i got rid of her .
I would love to be , but at the momemnt , sadly , no .
Five yellow flowers are not meaning love my friend , five yellow flowers mean friendship . long lasting friendship . if you like .
Do you know it takes a 1000 muscles to frown ?
None of them really , too old .
Is it ok to have a long distance boyfriend and hang out with other guys ?
Just have fun and be honest with each other .
That Is is just tacky and off limits .
They say love is blind .
In my experience , guys pretty much talk about marriage alot if they are interested .
Just keep friends , it makes life easier
She is your best friend just tell her nicely .
Romans 1 : 24-32 LORD PLEASE DELIVER AND SAVE THIS GIRL .
I Am gona have a great romantic dinner on the beaches of mexico and then well . you know .
How bout a romantic getaway weekend ?
She just wanted a free ride she was a nurse also he even found her a good paying job .
He dribbles . he shoots . he scores . 2 points .
Talk is cheap ( until you go over your minutes )
He has his own thug style .
Its just a infatuation with something
! you ca n't trick persons to like you.it 's the dumbest thing i 've heard .
What do you do if you like you are brother friend ?
This is n't an answer but ouch ! ! ! !
He buys you a diamond when you ask him to .
She was compleytely in love with me and i did not was not that far yet , so it caused a little problem .
Well me personally , i like to do somthing fun , like playing pool , or bowling .
I liked this girl , she took gifts from me , meals movies and such .
Depends on age . strike up a casual conversation and see where it goes
You 've been dating a guy for 5 yrs .
) , and he also feels that you have forgiven him .
Gee - I do n't know where it is . ( I 'm convinced that is how it got its name )
But be sure he  will tell about it all his friends .
Just THINK ABOUT IT THIS WAY YOU WILL BE SAVING SOMEONE IS BODY FROM PAIN AND EMBARESSMENT .
8 ( in some games ) no score ; nil .
If she killed him and figures out you know she could kill you .
To get more crap from you and then you dump him for the 2nd time , some GF you are
Depending on how much he likes you , it can be pretty much impossible
That usually starts an interesting converstation
Start flirting with the single guys you like and get to know them .
Mostwantedchick13 pm me on yahoo we can chat about it . Beaver . you can pm me too
It is so hard to forgive people who are like that .
You guys literally do n't talk enough because you  are to busy with something else .
If you do n't like it , then why did you get with her in the first place ?
I do not no show me littlevada @ yahoo
Make something if your out of $ $
What DOES SHE LIKE ABOUT THE OTHER PERSON AND HOW SERIOUS IS SHE ABOUT HIM ? .
They are more complex than us girls , so it is harder to tell .
Well the answer is they want to have sex with you .
And fot the other gilr who is also worry , pls do not .
Dude , Grow some nuts in your sack and man up ! ! !
You guys do n't have enough differences .
That ; s because is darker and colder but do not worry you r not alone
Heads is yes . tails is no
Ask him is the best way
Read books , or are you tossing the baby with the bath water .
: ) I pay attention to a women 's hands . nice hands , manicured nails , smooth skin , soft looking , feminine . like that .
It beats faster when we look at the girl we love !
Say hi how are you doing .
What do you feel about her ?
Oh man do I need help .
You can try asking her first . just ask her flat out if she would like to ?
It depends which you think taste better ham sandwich or . and no not 14
And try to do peace . try to rehave your friends . try to impresionate . people
I know you are in LOVE , love , love !
= ) good luck , i hope he proposes !
Both of you must learn to trust each other .
Huh . not sure what you are asking
I Am still trying to figure it out myself
But we are already good friends so help .
Sex is overated anyways . you  will be like . o this is it lol ! !
They think there pimps there not there just stupid and have nothing better to do
Once a while , she would be nice to me and i feel like in cloud 9 .
But your mind tell you tell to stop !
Tell him/her that you cannot lie anymore .
Go out with him n leave with someone else .
If he is too big he can not do anything but hurt a girl .
Invite your boyfriend over and ignore her
But it is something you should discuss .
Well . my husband and I just got married a little over a month ago and we have silly nicknames .
I try to play the quiet type and do all most of my flirting with looks .
I once told a girl something similar .
Cool ' , some women can see through that ! !
Would he suck your big toe ?
Well that is what my f * * * buddy does !
Like when they say they want to hit that
Do Not do it think about aids
I could not be sure but she sounds like a nice friend .
Very premature if you ask me
Humm strange way of stating it are not it .
If he or she is not honest you do n't want to be with them anyway .
But YOU WILL ALWAYS LOVE HIM .
Guys cheat on girls cuz they think thier pimps .
You HAVE SOMETHING BETTER FOR HER IN LIFE THAN THE LIFE SHE IS LIVING NOW ! !
Look in to your local laws though .
Come on you know do you realy have to ask ?
6 affectionate greetings ( give him my love ) .
You can get her a necklace or something special .
R you looking for an underage same-sex date ?
YOU MEAN WHY DO MEN DO THAT RIGHT ?
So if you want to find love you have to find friendship frist
Ok , have you avtually met her or not ?
Have fun . and send me a postcard .
Tell your boyfriend you just love how that guy is dressed .
Hey you all you just need 2 be coolwith it .
Do N'T LOSE SUCH A BEAUTIFILL THING TO SOMEONE WHO MIGHT NOT EVEN CARE OR WANT YOU FOR LONG TERMS .
This QUESTION IS TOO OPEN , YOU NEED TO NARROW IT DOWN .
So i know what you  are going through .
I ca n't imagine that i  would like it but I 've heard that some girls do .
Do Not even think about it . personally , I could not manage it at all !
Ya very good idea thanks !
As long as you do n't beat yourself up about it you can still be friends
Because you will not find no like that .
He still trys to avoid me .
Yea i tried also but nah it did not work .
And bring some music to play you two will be kissing before you know it .
Sometimes woman do not have very much self confidence and think their bf is cheating .
We guys do n't have much self-control .
I would start waiting now , but your question does n't make sense , it sounds like your already waiting .
Try to push yourself to some guys that you like .
He said he loved me back , but recently told me that he thinks hes gay , so now what ?
It does not bug me but i feel like she is just walking in my footsteps
Just your grammer - start with the basics and work your way up from there : )
Before and most def while your period is on that is when i woman is mostly horney
Maybe you both ned to grow up awhile before you try going out .
Statistically no , but miracles do happen .
Punch , scratch , . Do what ever it takes , Let her know that he 's yo man and you are not sharin !
A WOMEN WHO JUST CAUGHT HER HUSBAND CHEATING MIGHT SEE A MARRIED MAN .
Ull know when he keeps looking at you and he talks or say hi to you
I say do n't let her get to you .
If she is bleeding after you finish do you think that she is enjoying herself ?
And why men are always thinking about sex when they are with girl ?
13 years and two kids later .
Wen you want to n you can .
It wo n't get better you know
And if he denies it slap him .
Most imprtantly : Be yourself and have fun !
Make eye contact , once you do , that smile . see if he smiles back .
To the 1st girl above me i hope you do live in california ! ! !
If you have to ask your a brokeback Bit * h
Love him just love.just feel each other .
He becomes a primping mirror hog !
Even if they have girlfriends , they still watch and why do they hide it ?
Maybe get a guy to come over
If you think your parents accept that . then you can continue .
Yes , i think any guy would want a valentine .
Kind of an inside joke thing .
So stick with waht you got .
Penis Size and Satisfaction ( A poll for women only ! )
I dnt want to think , coz its a sin .
You deserve a guy who will do the little things , do n't you ?
There are many guys out who do n't have a girl friend .
When I have sex with my wife , it 's great . too great .
A lot of eye contact and smiling at you .
Well if you like him , then give him a smile .
You need to read your BIBLE !
You will have to go looking yourself !
I am her txt mate and she thought that I am a guy .
But big women are awesome too . not just tiny women !
As usual , if you think that you are bf cheat on you . you have to ask him .
On behalf of men i 'm sorry .
My brother told me to write this !
Maybe you are finger nails are scratching her .
I like this girl at work .
Men like that do n't respect women .
How can i hang out with my friend without making my boyfriend jealous ?
I personaly do not date white men just not my type .
Just keep in mind most girls like guys who can be fun but also serious if it is needed .
Leave the room and go out .
If he does , talk to him , what the worst that can happen .
If she are not nasty , give it a go .
She has to like or at least tolerate football , ha ha ha .
But WHATEVER YOU DO PLEASE DO NOT NAG HER ABOUT IT IR INSULT HER !
Especially when they do not want you to know the answer .
I think he 's kind of cute too
Ok well i just need to git some tips on flirting
Do Not unless you are not happy to do so . if you are shoot at . have fun tc .
Of course , I 've also seen brilliant women who are stump dumb about men , so go figure !
Of course it has to be a pretty girl .
Well , that other girl is YOU !
What ever you do do not be to cocky because it will slap you in the face .
Well , Hon . ya ca n't blame God for this one.He does n't make anyone homosexual .
Because that is what they can get .
Um if you are cute , pretty and kind ill take ya !
No , wait until you find the ONE then marry her first ! !
Yes yes yes yes it is you all guys do not know
Either way , you guys have issues .
Um move one hundred miles away
I did n't give her space , Too bad it took so long to learn it was me .
Good Luck with you school and your life : )
It REDUCES GOOD RELATION BETWEEN YOU AND HIM .
Well just this morning what do i find on the internet ?
And if so what is it
A happy fun girl that talks to me will always get my attention .
Tell me if you ' r in love if so give me a love story
I Am kind of short on cash so try to be frugal
Do Not think i am crazy , its just what i think and believe
20 years is a heck of a big gap . You  are old enough to be her grandpa almost .
Ask her whjy she wants you to cheat ?
Wait for him tto come to you you  will know he 's the 1
If not , tips would be helpful ( i do know some hot girls already ) .
You SHOULD ASK HIM IF HE LIKES YOU .
If you are communicating , you should know ! ! !
When you want to spend most of your time with this person .
I Am fifteen and he is sixteen he works and were in love what should we do
Id love to get spanked , but not to hard , just enough to turn me on
And what i thing now is . loving each other , i mean boys and girls , are embrasse .
Did you ever think - maybe she likes it that way ?
Its like , they love cheese cake , but they only want a slice of it .
Is this guy ugly cuz if he is then maybe you shld stay away from him
And then take it very slowly . protect your heart and do not think about a future with the guy .
I do n't know try some pepto Bismal
Or do n't do it at all .
To hav sum1 is important in life n wen dat sum1 kisses you , you feel you are complete .
If no luck try the rest stop
But i am only in seventh grade .
You take birth control pills when you have sex all the time & do n't want to get pregnant .
I give straight aswers . go ahead and ask : -P
Just her wonderful self personality and all
Why is it i can never find the right guy close to home ?
If THAT 'S WHAT HE LIKES LET HIM BE .
I have n't ever had a girlfriend .
Where can you get the dish from ?
If YOU ARE INTERESTED IN DOING THIS WHY SHOULD IT MATTER WHAT ANYONE THINKS .
Well . i am not looking for sex but you can get sex through commitment and that is what i am looking for .
If you feel like doing it . then do it
The more honest you are makes it a bit easier
I think so.if you dated a girl
This is easy . just tell her you do n't have feelings for her anymore .
We think that tough guys are more popular and they look alot better .
This statement is niether wrong nor right ! .
My bf is a really sweet and kind guy .
I do n't see why not , you never know she might like you too !
But not as bad as losing virginity to a hooker .
So one does n't bother to ask lovey-dovey questions .
Make him happy and you  will be happy too .
Just think about how his wife would feel if she found out !
Preferbally madden 06 depends on what the guy is like
Or is it just not usual ?
Oh boy , I do n't know what to tell you to do but , good luck anyway .
If he loses interest for you being urself , then you guys were n't mean to be/
And figure out what we ant for our self first .
Is Not that enuf indication that he also likes you ?
But EVERYTIME I SAW A WOMAN I GOT TURNED ON . IT WAS JUST A PHASE . I LIKE ALL MEATS EXCEPT FISH . LOL
What Cronides just said - Awesome answer !
Not one man and two women .
Oh , wait , what were you asking again ?
It might not b so normal as you think
You do n't have a FRIENDSHIP to lose with him ! ? !
Are n't you a man . boy what is wrong with you ?
Guys do n't really dig needy girls esp .
If he said he never had sex with his wife , believe him .
Or else he loves being around you .
Making love is having sex with someone you care about deeply .
I Am so tired of men who do not act grown up .
First you have to say the word fuck not copulate
Try speaking proper english without all that stupid ghetto slang . get a job . take care of yourself . get a car . and look hot .
I prefer on the phone because you cannot get hit that way .
If you do n't know what one is then you have n't had one and you will know when you have !
According to what state she is in.be freinds wait till she 18
Dating is n't really too hard . rejection is . but do n't take it personally .
If you do n't like her then tell her it the right thing to do ; (
Stab him you are your own person
Yeah you will wonder but its true .
Sexiest piece of clothing on the planet lol .
So to youI must say two words . TOUGH LOVE .
A lot of practice and a little mono .
There is nothing you can do .
So first off take a step back and think about how long you will be married to this guy .
Hey you ca n't change someone that does n't want to change .
If they do enough things then you will not be in love with them anymore .
Just like with all men they have some that are sweet and some that are jacka * * es .
It should not be a big deal to him .
It 's time to walk the ( married !
If he talks back and trys to flirt with you , than you know hes probably talking to other people .
Make it perfectly clear to him that they are friends , and that 's it .
I guess I was kind of off that night .
Chances are she has heard it before too .
That Is just how they are : ( its a shame lol
But he is getting married this month .
Why do n't women just say they like us ?
But be safe watch out for the shady boys .
As time goes , She said to me It was good that she did n't ask .
It is not neccessary that he like you but always decide that what your heart says to you
And i get all mushy feeling inside everytime he calls me that .
Hunnie looks like your stunk between and rock and a hard place .
A walk in the park ( it is so cold , most people will stay home ) .
If I 'm not in that place in my life , then 'NO FRIGGING WAY ! ! !
Because they get bored or find something even better
Sure they can . and its great if you can jus stay dat way .
First timers beware of the walls and closets they hurt .
If they look at you , they probably like you !
A woman has something called an egg .
Here 's some good things for you and I hope they help .
Try different positions . role play do some crazy stuff
I am totally straight just have a thing for the feel and look .
And THE BEST ONE YET : Who 's that ?
My mom 's birthday is coming up .
He could just be trying to give you space .
By The Way i am in college and i am 19 .
Tell me why come on chop chop quick quick snell
Just see if he 's at all interested .
Give it time and get over the guy .
Is your question how do you make them arroused ?
Look . You do n't have to have a boyfriend yet to have fun with life .
You just seem like a jerk at that point .
Yes new girlfriend 2. she 's got 2 yrs .
She has to be a 7.5-9.5. unless i REALLY like her .
Your parents do not like your boyfriend well they probably have a reason .
We BOTH AGREED ON THAT SHE WOULD NOT SEE or HANG OUT WITH HER FRIENDS UNTIL MARCH 1 .
YOU never know who they really are .
I did this recently and it was THE BEST EVER ! !
Hey , try not to worry about it too much .
Usually at school , that 's how i found my ex ! !
If he does that makes things easier .
Yes , and even more if they are beautiful on top of it .
Turn them face down - Oh and pull there hair and a little smack on the bottom could n't hurt !
What are some qualities that girls see first in guys ?
If you suspect , most likely he does .
Anybody can be totally hot but yet be a big loser ! !
Honestly id have to say and it may sound bad but let it ride out .
No matter where you go belive me you will see a sexy sexy man
Is THERE ANYTHING ELSE I CAN HELP WITH ? ?
Sugar in gas tank or glue his dick to his stomach with super-glue
Ask him if you can be friends .
It 's not really worth it wait until you are much older that 's just advice from a dad .
Good luck trying to pull that off .
What you need to do is hire an att .
I say , that if you love her then there is nothing at all wrong with it .
Not inless you are 21 even then dad always knows what is best
The list goes on and on .
Oh that 's my cousin and her nickname is Her .
I mean you r really into him !
I like to make friend with her
First some questions for you : 1.How old are you ?
Ask him . then you can move to the next guy or next level
If not it is pretty unreasonable for you to ask her not to drink .
Or maybe a massage to calm her nerves then fuck the hell out of her ! !
If you have to ask then you are not in love .
I am joshua , based in nigeria .
I married when I was 22 and I am happy that I did .
That Is up to you , if you want to the do it , if not do n't .
( I 'm one of them and I can say that it 's fun ! )
Think of yourself , do n't you have any good/close friends that are girls or vice-versa ? ?
That just cracks me up . thanks man , I needed that .
I Am a great kisser says my bf haha
Go to africa , be nice , be rich and buy one .
She told me how regretful she was and how much she loved and missed me ?
There must be evidence if you want divorce .
And you get half of everything he has ! !
Then any time you think about him and start to like him again , REMEMBER THOSE THINGS .
If she has been responsible with it , I do n't see why not .
I do n't know what to say in this box bye
Get over it he do not love you .
Laugh at his dumb jokes if hes a class clown .
But you will most likely remember this girl for the rest of your life .
Excitement . fantasy . but it 's all nonsense , truth is he 's bored .
If it attention ya want and hes not giving it then you need to bee getting a new man
She 's still young and still has time .
What did it for me was i found the guy she waas dating and i kicked his a $ $ .
A place where naked women dance for .
He met her in an internet site .
You would n't want him to die before your kids go off to college ! !
My boyfriend just broke up with me .
And to forget about ever being with him . PERIOD !
Got it wrong . that 's an understatement of the year . YOU ARE HOT 'N SPICY . MMMMM ! ! !
But beleive me you are young and not all guys do things like this .
Just watever you do , do n't brag to your friend , it always ends in ditching .
Give him the time of his life
She used protection and she is tested .
Try it honey , who knows she is just waitting for you . there no wrong in trying . GO FOR IT .
I like this guy , i 'm going 2 call him Joe .
If you like dat person so much then dun fuckin care wat people say .
Ok so I just enrolled in this new high school and i am sort of shy there .
Hon , are n't you a tad young to be getting married ?
Many will tell you it 's no big deal . because they already gave theirs away .
I think she pretty much summed it up right there ! ! !
The only reason you would not have sex with her is because you would get fired ? ? ?
First of all , are you a guy or girl ? ?
Look your best and go out in the world .
You might , and you might not .
Then they will come to you .
What are some ways to spice up my relationship and make it irresistable
Force hiim to have crazy sex and show him what you got .
If YOU TRY TO RUSH HIM THE YOU MAY PUSH HIM AWAY SO BE CARFUL .
Or do you are own detective work , or hire a detective .
Although the older ladies do not mind if you tell them that .
And my parents really did n't like that !
No one 's young or old enough to be in love . but honey , you are too young to be married . believe me !
The wife unless you really have some stuff or unless she is not contesting the divorce .
Hes a year older than me
Not sure but it may be 18
No matter what she will ether find out or she will just see it in your eyes .
If your friend was a real friend she should understand
If nothings downloaded it 's probably her realizing that fart stinks .
He seems like he 's a bit disturbed . run like hell
But y r you trying to change who someone is that is not you place to do so
And the best thing a husband expects from his wife is that she never do shopping . hahahahhha : ) )
Plant in a plant holder that he likes . say a car or a beer can . just kidding .
Guys do it too , so its definately not limited to women !
Tell him to close his eyes and describe you !
What was a really cool way you met someone special ?
Ask him do he love you or that Gold Digger.Tell your neice that .
And in d end just say hope to see you again .
No ! IT 'S NOT HEALTHY FOR A RELATIONSHIP , THE FOUNDATION WILL SOONER OR LATER CRUMBLE AND WITTER AWAY .
No its not bad as long as its not your mom or dad
If not , you might be too young .
Just be careful about the men you choose .
I was 13 and it was the wort date of my life .
You think you loved him once , why ?
Just do n't over do it or you might scare him away .
Or I suppose you could pay like 200rs in front of palakha : P
Except of course , if you only want to marry them to enhance your .
Then throw him one . WHAT DO YOU THINK OF ME HAVING A BOYFRIEND ?
And a walk in the park .
He said we clicked so well and blah blah blah .
( I 've tried telling them , but they just get pissed off at me ! )
And then . how long after the first date to going out ?
I used to stare at her a lot and she  would occasionally catch me ( i am shy ) .
Months have gone by , if you do not want a fire to go out , you need to feed it .
But he is not there yet , he 's not ready for a full commitment yet .
No matter what anybody tells you here .
I like lips on a girl .
Nope your gon na have to do some serious soul searching .
Tell her she needs to give it a few good years .
Say : I care about my boyfriend .
At all costs , avoid self-help books !
And everyone is trying to tell me what to do , and I hate it .
It seems as if all the good ones are either taken or I just ca n't find one .
I think we all have those days , hang in there , and do n't let the bad days get you down ! !
I do hope ladies with that mindset wo n't lose hope .
Tell him , Thank you for the concern , but DO NOT TELL ME WHAT TO DO !
Do Not be afraid express to him how you really feel
Do you wan na be with him , tell him their guy friends , he does not have control over you
Look her right in the eye and tell her how you feel .
Might as well just flash them a couple bucks and tell them how they can earn it !
Girls kick guys in the balls to outright hurt them .
Is it in their name , or his ?
How do they do it . do they do it the way we do . watch our ass leave ?
So just be yourelf , have great confidence in you .
Hey , I 'm a boring family guy . what did you expect ?
They are the sweetest men i have ever met .
If he is cheating on you then dump him .
Just flirt with her and she  will catch on
But if he does notice then say to him that the way you feel about him and pool .
Jessica Alba - i like that actress ; ) But i would never cheat on the girl i love .
The thing that cares more is that ure gon na be hapy with that guy
Cuz I can see myself in them .
Dump HIM AND DO WHAT YOU WANT TO DO !
Girls can chase me al they want lol
Hope it goes great for you !
God was up there smoking on tha blunt while creating them . god forgive me .
You ask her to do things that are not reasonable , then you get mad when she does n't do them .
No way man , not at all .
( i know my mom died )
Best not to drag it out and lead her on .
Yes , do n't let anyone hold you hostage like that .
And if hes a rage aholic you are in bigger trouble .
Sounds like he just wants to be friends with benifits . you both want different things .
Never ask here ask a real Doctor
Every person more or less doing this , do n't worry .
{ wit you are b~friend or you are g~friend }
B ) If you got without your parents permission is illegal
Seriously , what have you got to lose .
That not all girls are nice or good people
The relationship did n't work out but I loved all 4 of the ladies .
If you see a nice girl . that is a nice place . goahead and meet . good luck
Sorry , that 's just the way things work out .
Get over it and move on , and never cheat again stupid
Man i too have a same problem plz help
Is it look like a circumsized penis ?
He will come when he see you do not care him .
I 'm 18 and I want to get marry right now .
If he is like me I just hate to be nagged as I walk in the door from work .
This is where shower sex comes in .
If you think that there is possibility enough to ask the signs . GET OUT NOW ! !
But , humans were not wired that way and are meant to be with one person ( not many ) .
Do n't go look for the guy .
Wait until you are 16 to date .
! hug her kiss her make her feel wanted .
The sign of cheating is when your man smells like ass !
I do n't care if he 's a movie star !
Flirt with him and see how he reacts .
I am not a violent person I do not even spank my kids .
She does n't look too bad and gave you xo 's !
Girls are like flowers treat them nice and you get it in retern
I stopped seeing her myspace ( do n't want to stalk her ) .
I like facial hair on a guy .
Ask him if he likes you .
What WOMEN DON , T HAVE AND PROBABLY MEN GOT IT .
Yes I would go out with her .
I want to have sex with you .
You will live but if you love this person alot try to get your realation ship back with him/her
18 year old . 2. works at liquor store 3. got strict grandma and got ta listen to her .
Just tell her do not be scared to do it but the truth sucks
Outside the door , outside the window ?
If HE HAS N'T ASKED YOU YET THEN HE PROBABLY IS N'T READY .
Listen to the girl above me she said what i was gon na say !
I believe if it 's done once , it WILL BE DONE AGAIN ! !
In a girl , boobs and a $ $
Like her favourite animal or something like that .
Hum , that 's not so many . Do n't think about that !
Just not seeing other people or something more ?
YOU are on the wrong category this is love and romance not the nature channel .
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
So , if we get a little crazy now and then . just remember . chocolate is a girl 's best friend !
Lower down your gaze and guard your modesty .
Its not all its cracked up to be .
Good bye oh and god bless .
Sex w/ my girlfriend is the best .
Does he LOVE you enough to STAY ?
No matter who you are or how long it takes god to answer he is always there .
Dun care them , jus show out you are beauty 2 them
No i do n't know what you mean .
I just had to get to KNOW him before I admitted it to myself .
But If I could I would 2-3 x a day
How do I find her now ?
Should i go out with here and be with her ?
He will persue you not the other way around
Second of all , ONLY seven ? . dude , that ai n't a whole hell of a lot . not anymore .
Omg how many times will this question be asked ? ! ? ! ?
Once a cheater , always a cheater .
Wow your dumb , talk to him
Whe you tell a woman you love her , she gets weird .
Do n't ask him , though , for a list of things to do .
People in my life , that I do n't see much , that have gone on , I can forget they are gone .
Go outside in your underware saying i 'm gay .
Maybe they were just pop-up ads or something similar .
She is clean but she is been with 7 guys .
It used to be a guy thing .
Go ith what your heart tells you .
Do you like chocolate or something ?
I Am single , available and very much negotiable
I Do Not Know . i 've got a general idea , i just wan na know what you guys know
Get her seeing other people . friends , family , going on dates if ready for that .
She ca n't possibly be a 4 though because women are beautiful people .
I have been participating in cultural interaction and now i want it in my marriage .
Obviously you have strong feelings for this man ! ! !
I am friends with his g/f .
Why SHOULD I ANSWER A QUESTION THAT YOU HAVE ALREADY ANSWERED YOURSELF IN THE QUESTION ?
Because you to good to be true
Hang out with his friends that way he gets too know you better
Make some thermite , and use it on the hood of a car
I ( I 'm a redhead and he is 2 , by the way ) Please help me .
I personally like Ash idea though .
To h * ll with that . tell him what you are GOING to do . do n't ask .
And then tell the first person I knew .
If that does n't work in a month or two , then leave him , hes not worth it .
Why are you going ouy with her if you do not already like her ? ?
Once a cheater always a cheater ! !
Get him drunk and ask him straight out . most guys ca n't remember saying embarassing things when they sober up
Always do what your parents tell you !
She should be good manner so many of way
Then try to find a girlfriend who do not have a boy friend
If your not too serious then get him somthing he would like .
But i have learnded why i am devoriced . why men do not like my life style .
If you like her and she likes you then of course go out with her .
Anyway , back to the issue at hand , just prepare yourself . for anything .
Baby girl move on there are two many men out there for you to be worried with him .
Just keep doing what you are doing .
Money is not worth all of the bull shi *
And everyone else ( except the 2 comments abouve mine ) are right .
Would YOU LIKE TO MAKE A MISTAKE
It does n't mean i do n't love vanilla .
Talk to him see if there are any same interest.Say hi , flirt & stare at him alot .
Get them jumped and called them a dick head
( And men are just big kids .
It 's all fake just like Vegas .
And the bst way to a womans heart is with red roses
If you waht to get friends , then go out and keep trying .
B wants me to be his girl but he is taking it slow .
There is a girl out there for you do n't look and enjoy life and that someone will come around ! ! !
It depends if you hv a very hairy butt then wax . but otherwise no .
Sometimes I WISH I COULD SLAP THOSE FLIPPIN ' B * TCHES !
You do n't want anyone ugly either .
So the rest are still friends . is not it ?
Good luck with everything and God bless !
Stomach all the way a nice flat stomach , not with huge abs or anything .
It says :  just kidding I do n't know
Its been twelve years since i have seen him .
How can a guy tell if a girl is checking him out ?
What ever they were write them down .
Utter betrayal , then she woke up !
Then a month later the cops where going to get involve then she final told me .
What , it happens to guys , too ! ! !
I do not like sweetie that much , or muffin , or pumpkin .
If she really loved you she would forgive you but not forget .
Playas and Thugs go hand in hand .
Thing is . Boyfriends especially young ones do n't always have your best interests at heart .
I mean I know the difference looks wise but who cares really , ya know what I mean .
Yah , you can I AM me on luapro77
Testing if anyone else loves me as much
If YOU KNOW HE 'S CHEATING WHY ARE YOU GOING TO SPICE THINGS UP ?
I mean , two mice at once , wow !
Hope you find your answer soon : )
1 : i think she likes me .
Now you realize how much you like men .
But i thought I had your heart ?
You do n't need to get married .
Just remember one thing , no one is the same .
You have plenty of time .
Everytime my friend litkes someone she goes crazy , even when they do n't like her .
Just say it seems like he liked you and that you were just wondering because you like him . so on .
I 'm 40 and my girlfriend asks me all the time , Why are n't you married yet ? .
I have a friend who is 23 and still a virgin .
Stand for him . & if you through with each other like bad breaking up or something , you can mock that nose !
The OTHER SITES WERE A BIT SLOW AND LAME .
If you only knew her a short time and cheated on her . don ` t think she will forgive you .
If he dos n't do anything then live him , No guy should treat any girl that way .
My opinion . no one is ever good enough for her baby !
I think its their greatest asset .
If not Kings will never married
Just the thought of a Brazillian wax scares me !
I understand your pain ( my grandma died when i was 6 ) but you should n't lie about it !
I Do Not Know if you  will get that but yeah .
I do n't know it 's just not a good color .
Do Not EVER LIMIT YOUR SUCCESS OR HAPPINESS TO THE PAST OR EVEN THE PRESENT .
Give HER THIS LINK AND LET HER READ IT .
Try them in a really serious situations . such as in death , disease , poor . stuff like that
Dude , before you know it you will have another girlfriend and no longer be a virgin .
Tell him to get a life .
Hey you could just come up and say it ! or you could hold hands and say it slowly
For most men . Take your shirt off .
It would never work on me , but it is so cheezy you have to laugh
I Am not alone on this planet !
You ARE THE HEAD AND NOT THE TALE .
Mostly i dnt look coz i am blind ! ! !
Go to Barnes and Noble they have some great books on that subject . K
French kissing but do n't go for the world record
And it you do look like you  are trying to pick up a guy then fine !
13 is too young to have a boyfriend .
Set it and DO NOT touch it .
No , you cannot always help what you dream about so do not worry about it .
Its like cuddeling and all that shit .
Because you  are the best a man can get .
Get a backbone and send that foriegn guy packing .
Also she does not really like fancy stuff like perfumes , lipsticks .
I will try to talk to her and ask to be her friend
A party , invite a bunch of his and you are friends * that is if he moved from there *
Why do you want him back ?
Trust me , he wo n't think your a hoe .
Would he quit playing sports just because you told him not to do it ? ?
Pick up the mattress and roll his lazy can off .
If it is ment to be it will be .
Yes but you will never find them
I 'm a virgin because i do n't want to be a statistic or stereotype and i do n't give into temptation
Not really , who are you anyway ?
I read this on the internet , it could work for either gender .
Good luck/ and have fun with it , most important be creative .
I donno , maybe my girl is cheating me ?
Ya it means he likes you because i have done that myself
Becasue i think he accidently got a new gal friend
In the mouth ( exspecailly long tongue kisses )
You Will get married without even thinking about it .
Or , go get a job and a girlfriend .
Not if you nice and unjugemental as you would like others to be about you
Girls are n't all about looks like we are so you should be fine .
It just gets easyer to tollerate it .
Red hair also look . kind of funky and .
Do NOT give up your friends - ANY of them , male or female - for some GUY .
Ask him if he  would like to go somewhere fun together .
I do not live in kuwait but i can be one
Go see a movie or just go out .
Get to know her a little .
If not , you are not his first priority .
I fall head over heels and turn to mush .
Strict grandma and got ta listen to her .
Just give her some space and see how things go from there .
You  will find an even hotter guy who wants to be with you !
Tell YOUR NEICE TO ASK THE GUY IF HIM AND THAT GIRL STILL HAVE ANY SORT OF RELATIONSHIP GOING .
Nope , it do not really hurt them a bit .
Ummmmmmm , I take it you need to get laid or something .
That  will catch the heart of any latino guy I know .
I loved our invites and the price !
Money is not important in life .
You learned what your mother told you .
Shoud i play hard to get ?
If YOU ANSWER THAT QUESTION YOU WILL KNOW
I love him him and people in love do n't cheat well that 's what I think .
Oh , and in the pelvic area ; )
And when you 've done that , THEN you decide if he has changed and if you want him back .
I Am a guy , so i know .
Just be your self and do n't stress
You say : Hey Hun , your best friend is a sl * ut .
Unless you guys were seperated and it did n't end on a true fault .
I did n't know why I did n't recognize her !
God 'S MERCIES ARE NEW EVERY MORNING .
How the hell can i know why you are sad ?
You do everthing he wants you to do .
Why does not any girl want to hook up with me ? Where did i go wrong ?
Make sure yur not being ME ME ME !
I DO N'T AGREE MY BEST FRIEND FOR ALMOST 6YRS .
How can you not have a chance ?
I would love it and if you give me a call my no is 09871985706
Maybe hes just not into you anymore .
Guess I am a little bit of an exhibitionist : )
YOU could always kiss him that will get his attion
I would definately go with the idea of using a different season , so atleast 12weeks .
Sex is a way to tell someone loves you or not
So YES , I  WOULD SAY APPEARENCE DOES DRAW MAN 'S INTEREST .
Girl why do not you give them a try .
In my opinion . she either really likes you , or she is 'playing you ' .
Guys are easy to figure out .
Only if you think it is but its not
Especially if he is shy and try 's to hang out .
Depends on what you are boy friend likes .
Limewire or any of the other p2p sharing sites
We been together two & a half yrs .
When you insult a troll , he wins .
Gregg replies , Oh yes you do , what is left .
You  are only 16 and still have a lot of growing to do , mentally I mean .
From me on yahoo . or msn messenger
Probably for squeezing their b ( ) ( ) bs . LOL
We  are wrong enough as it is .
Love , becoz love is great .
I just think you guys should wait until you can afford to be married .
Omg i so understand cuz i am around the same age .
But I always get him something goofy because he 's kind of goofy .
We had a big fight about lieing and i could not trust her but i loved her .
That way kids will not pair off .
We broke up , but i still have the scarf .
Do n't let religious girls fool you .
Maybe . its better to go in JAPAN to find nice Japanese lady my friend !
Just for fun and to see the responses , help me figure out why its so difficult for me .
Just tell him I Love You .
Get married and tell him to eat dirt .
Most guys can not acept the fact that they are ugly , fat , or nerdy
If you  are as hot as Phil Collins then I do n't see what the problem is . : - )
Nobody ever told me , I found out for myself , you got ta believe in foolish miracles .
No one likes going to one wedding after the other .
Women are different sizes too do n't forget .
Blah Blah Blah get over it
I am 100 % sure the guy wants you .
Do men really mind , or was my ex being a jerk ?
No not at all why would a guy that old want to date someone that young
Well , it 's important to love your parents . but if you tongue them . that 's just freaky !
Too small the brain , too big the size of her head .
Maybe , you cannot take it anymore , ask him and tell him how you feel .
My boyfriend is coming over tomorrow .
Hope everything goes good for the both of you .
Men seldom cry , they get angry instead .
I  would just ask , but everbody 's different !
1 evry day or evry other day
If you like this person , and this person likes you , I do n't see why not .
It hard tring to let some one go i feel sorry for you
If you want me to stick my nose in it , email or I AM styleroompimp via yahoo
Homework assignment due 2mar HELP PLZ
Girl you are a rare kind .
. tell him if he does n't give you your children you  will get restraining orders and divorice him !
Yeah yeah yeah , I 've heard the whole window to your soul bit .
Cup cake fight ( like a snowball fight with cupcakes ) .
Well , have you told him how you felt ?
An honest , attractive , smart , funny guy , who 's not used and still a virgin !
Then ask him if would like to out one day/night .
Do you really want me to answer that
18 years is a long time ! ! !
The next step , up to you !
Personalaty and there EYES AND THERE FACE !
Just find the right girls - it  will be alright dude .
If you really love you are wife then you need to tell her to back off .
I do n't wish jail on nobody .
Just pray to god and let him lead you in the right direction .
There are better guys out there .
Tell him you want a break for a while that should get his attention !
Cuz I always liked her too .
If you have to ask then you should be in counseling and/or finding an attorney !
Try to be yourself and flirt wit him a lot .
Dude , go out and love who ever you wan to .
Do Not FORGET TO CHOOSE AND VOTE FOR BEST ANSWER ! ! !
Well honey , I Am not sure exactly what your peferring to .
Um . YEA it 's a great feeling .
If he really worths it , defend him !
My mother in law is such a Bitch !
I got married at 19. still married after 41 yrs .
If you have to wonder , than they are cheating on you .
It 's like love from first sight !
Hey , that 's just the way it works .
But that is because you do n't .
Take it easy and cry when you need to .
Ok for the like 17th time , , , it depends on the lady ! !
Then your not doing something right !
Be your self and live life you only got one life !
All she gone do is get mad , and say you  are jealous ! Trust me , do n't do it !
So it really does not matter if you have hair or do not !
Tell her you love her so much then call her again .
Best of luck to you , I feel bad that you cannot see your kids like you want to .
I hope I helped a little bit .
What i did was make up a fake screen name and talked to him .
You Are getting married when you feel truly , crazily and deeply in love .
You are too young for a ball and chain !
Ethier your not that smart or you have problems because every body knows wre they come from
Actually , most of the time its not good .
You ca n't MAKE anyone do anything !
If your a girl . we  are already turned on .
Yep , a guy who does n't respect you .
So just tell him , you are cute and see how he responses to you
I might be able to help .
We HAVE A LOT OF WEDDINGS IN THE MONTH OF MAY .
I 'm a virgin because i ca n't get , see it positively , ex .
I think it is funny that so many men spend their life scared of what they got ?
Me AND MY MAN WERE TOGETHER FOR 4YRS .
Well . i would stare for a moment and then laugh my butt off .
How 's this : seven long 3 fingers thick
Shit I LOVE TO BE CHASED . WHO TOLD YOU MEN DO NOT LIKE TO BE CHASED .
It depends which you care about more .
Where are you guys in your life .
No i do n't believe there is anything wrong with the age difference .
But it should never be brought up and it can be just that friends .
Why should you be the one to tell her off ?
We just clicked so well and I never felt the same way about anyone like I did him .
I say leave him , he does not deserve you . oh my God !
Put A SNAKE IN HIS EYE WHILE HE 'S SLEEPING .
Yes , GIVE IT A COUPLE OF MONTHS .
When you wa n't something and you are not getting it means you do not really want to have it .
They have lots of ideas on that kodak machine .
I know what it is like to be in love with some and want to be with them .
I THINK GAY GUYZ ROK , KEEP IT AND DO NOT WORRY BOUT WUT OTHA PEOPLE SAY , YOU ARE GAY SO WHAT !
I choose Love all the way !
I know , i been through that .
Please try to not be sad about your grandpa 's dead ! ! ! ! !
Cuz i do not really care you and you suck like crap
Anyway why would you want to if he is cheating
Freind I lost track of from germany name isabella
I say no because you r a little kid .
! . Flirting is really saying what you feel . Its okay !
I know some great people who are n't married but are still going on with life !
( i was his 2nd and hes staying my 6th and i his 2nd )
Being Asian , everybody thinks I am geek ! ! !
Is she in general a hag ?
Or find somthing new to do like sking and talk about it when you have a chance .
Ask your friend if you could back off fight back
I think you should do some detective work . but make sure not to get caught .
She lived next to a zoo !
Uh-huh . well , we 've been married for over 5 yrs .
Build them up , give them a big head basically .
That only leads to pain for the both of you .
Well I personally do n't have a problem rubbing my wifes feet .
I had one mouse in my mouth ( that was still biting me ) and I had the other pinned .
And any way that 's not poison ivy that you have that is crabs .
Coz i know that inside is better than outside
Well . she Obviously likes it both ways but Truly Loves her man . ! ! ! ! ! !
: i am 16 , and live in Kansas City , MO .
Take your time to know him well
Just do n't play him unless he plays you because both sexes do that .
Ask him if you could hang out at break or lunch or something .
It is perfectly okay for a girl to like to have sex ! !
Is n't that why people get married ?
Go up to her and say hello !
I eat it every day ( i did ) .
Just be yourself , do not try to cover it up .
Divorce - bad sex is bad marriage
Life to short for dump stuff like that .
Meanwhile he does n't mind friends hitting on me !
Yes because you  will have to face it sooner or later .
However - - i find him looking at me every now and then .
She says she loves me , what do i do
Do Not ever give in to temptation .
Just keep your head up sweetie .
Do Not just say it unless he ` s asking something of you that you know is wrong .
But , that is not what i use to decide whether i like her .
Be you are self always if that 's no good enough then he was n't the right man for you
Are you asking for fatal attraction to happen .
Do you like me or do you just want to be friends ?
He does not mind his lady is being hit on !
All you half to do is say quit bugging me about it !
Most hearts you see are red .
Just tell him you like him
I started chasing it and had it pinned !
Keep IN MIND NO ONE KNOWS THAT I AM GAY .
And it depends on like does she flirt with you and if so how ?
How DID YOU GET IT AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I AM SCARED ! !
She does not want anyone in her life but her kids she says .
As a guy , apperance comes 2nd for me .
You can go back begging .
Any dreams and desire ( that does n't include getting married and pumping out xerox copies of yourself ) .
She 's been tested and pasted all clean and clear .
They can be sexy if they are nice and full
Girl i am feeling you on that because my man do the same thing .
Omg , I would gasp , probaly shreek , & then polity tell him to put it awy where it properly belongs .
Deal with it , if you did not want a baby , ya should 've used contraceptives .
I  will tell you later this is too long .
Nothing crazy i am not kidnapping or torchering any1
Think about this . are n't men and women biult to conquer eachother ?
And i was wondering could this be bad like they do not like me or is this a good situation .
A friend can last a lifetime a guy can come and go .
Now , stop doubting your looks and feel as cute as you wan na be ! !
I need some advice to get him back
He also said he still really likes me and he just should n't have started it in the begining .
Grab it All out at once and place it somewhere else , like at another bank !
But it always comes up in the friendship once in a while . I am in love with ( her/him ) .
Of coarse they are have not you ever seen a man looking at a victoria secrets cataloge and drooling
He ca n't help you if you do n't give it to him .
There are a lot , and i mean a lot !
Darling you are just 16 . if i were you are parents i also FORBID you to marry .
Talk TO HIM AND TELL HIM HOW YOU FELL BUT I AM SINGLE IF YOU WANT A MAN 16/LOUISIANA
So what if he does n't want to go out with you ?
This happened to me a while back , and i am once again on the dating scene .
Yea , its really messy down there though .
Lately , I 've realized that I care for him . ALOT .
Ehmmm . first try to find a japanese girl if you can . : DD
Why is it so hard to talk to girls ? ? ?
Because if its love then who cares about how old you are .
Well you got to tell her that its your guy not hers .
If you wan na go out with him , go out with him .
To me people that do that have self esteem issues .
Well how long did you date this girl ?
Or , you start having a crush on them as well , because they actually are pretty handsome , nice , etc .
I as a woman would much rather be the one to hold the whip : )
By the way I Am 21. pabsicool @ yahoo.com
I 'm a Lady , and Baby you better not ever forget it because i do n't give second chances .
I was a vigin til I was 19 and believe it or not . some girls like that .
YOU ca n't make anybody do anything , you could only give them reasons to , then it 's up to them .
Do Not make it a line or nothing ! ! !
Hope you find what your looking for .
Do what you normally do .
I do n't want my friend to get repeatatly rejected !
Dude , have confidence and chicks will dig that .
Do you not have anything better to do
Because many man nowadays is just playing around .
He may be cheating or you do not turn him on anymore
I , at least tries to be .
Or am I just being greedy ?
You do n't care enough about him .
You make me giggle . tee hee tee hee . so much cuter than that silly hamster .
If you are not happy with this person , tell him if he cannot stay with you , you are through .
And WHAT DO YOU THINK OF ME AND YOU TOGETHER ?
Your mom would be delightened just tell her he 's courting you .
If your talking about a husband or boyfriend there is a million other ways
With me it was worse I used to like men that were married .
My suggestion : Give it a shot .
Or in other words : HELL YES !
Girl YOU SHOULD N'T RUSH THINGS LIKE THAT .
Ten Grand could get someone killed .
Hang around him but do n't be too cklicky
It should not be that way .
Then an only then will you know why they stare at you so much .
Well girl , you need to let her find out for her self .
Nope but I live in OKC .
I think it will be handful for me ! !
Do Not do that he will always be near never forget him you just hav to accept hes gone
Is it strange emails or text messages your finding ?
What else can you do if yes ?
Do n't go overboard and freak her out .
If you like yourself forget what any one else says .
But i think a cute gift would be a hamster !
Now y ou see my younger brother is gay and he is mad cool .
No it more like not beening trueful to your boyfriend
Sorry i could n't be more help .
Do n't worry about the grrrs , they LOVE us bad boys .
Especially a goatee looks so incredibly sexy on a guy .
I agree friends can become lovers , but with how many of them ?
And if a girl ask just be honest about it .
Dump him and come to me
Set him strait before things get serious
I mean and i think . he pulled me back from teh worst situation i had ever been through .
Women like bodies just as much as guys do .
Tell her to be more serious about it he not worth fighting over .
Depends when you hookup is it for sex ?
They treat chics how they wan na be treated .
How come most girls do not like guys with red hair ?
I trust her 100 % and i want her to know that .
Depends on the guy , and his likes/dislikes .
Should I give him / us that chance ?
Of course , I 'm more of a butt man anyway .
You have to just tell her .
Like , Baby , I understand , I am sorry , Things will be ok . etc .
Chase him or her aur investication that 's it or give love and ask
Most of us are pretty easy like that !
Dump his ass , you deserve better
When a girl likes you she is usually shy , and you can see her looking at you alot .
I am not too sure what it is you are asking .
You are out of order fancying you are mates boyfriend
And he sounds like a control freak .
~margaret Smith Do n't knock masturbation - it 's sex with someone I love .
Well you no guys if they could prob .
Are you being an april fool .
She thinks it 's fun to see if she can get them .
But i 'm nervous and do n't know if i should .
A baby sitter if they have kids , or a nice hotel room rental
Its so much fun and besides , who just wants a plain old kiss ? ! ? !
Gross that is almost like you and you are cousin having sex if them two already did Grosss ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
For example a shirt or sweat shirt
Would n't you want the same thing if your husband cheated on you ? ?
And see how you feel , time will tell
But do not try to break them up , or she will not like you and he certainly will not .
We deal with men , you got to deal with us ! ! !
Other fish in the sea . move on he 's not the only guy on earth .
Do n't worry though , mine is horrible too .
And DO N'T eat too much ice cream .
Ask him and save him the trouble
If sumthin good happens then i guess sumthin good happens .
This woman sounds like a homewrecking predator
I need to hide my car .
We only share 3 children and nothing else .
In my opinion I do not think it 's OK to be gay .
Either one will get you in deep crap .
I Am in the same situation w/ more time from the brake up .
I 'm like a 8.5 so i would n't .
You do n't , he is the one making the move first
He asked me if we had any peanuts to eat .
YOU just avoide hem and he well come to you
And COULD WE PLEASE STOP WITH THIS MEN CHEAT , .
* UPDATED * I ca n't solve your problem .
Be your self and if that is no good he was not the right man for you .
I 'm a libra too . falling in love is like breathing for us ; )
This one I know , but I do n't really .
Ho yourself up and rock his world and he  will forget the other girl !
He keeps telling me that he loves but I Am afraid that he will not wait till I go back ! !
Well how old or you if you still live with them then no loves not forever but family is
Read the words . 'now I want you here with me from tonight until the end of time ' .
I feel like I do n't have a social life anymore .
I hope this helps , God bless you !
That Is way better than some stupid line most women even do not like .
Why would he do this if he has nothing to hide ?
I should n't count cus I 'm a guy , AND DO NOT GET ME WRONG I AM STRAIGHT ! ! !
Do Not do notthing just let god do his job .
Just ask him , there 's no point waiting .
Make it a pair to be more romantic !
Hey do n't jump to nothing to quick .
People really do n't think all that mean stuff you think they think .
At the Judgement Day , for sure !
And just like others have said , there are others out there , and you will find someone else !
I wish i knew so when you find out please let me no
Not all people like him its ok if you just be yourself !
I definately cannot stand a lot of boys that like me .
Hmmm , does n't one lead to the other ?
Me personaly I think if you catch them in the act then they got ta go .
Seeing he has been trying to get me to date him again ? ? ?
I feel for you . this is a really hard one .
He does n't know what he 's issing .
That is the question . well ask him if he means going as friends or as in a date .
Both of them , It really not depends on gender , but on each person
That 's exactly why guys ca n't just squeeze girls ' boobs because they  will sure like it .
Too Big : her love for her hubby Too Small : her tolerance of his ignorance
It sounds stupid , but it got me out of trouble once !
Have you tried to kiss her ?
I think he has some qualities of a pig !
But get out there , show the women you are available and what a great guy you are !
YOU do n't need to date too young
I did that once-it feels awesome and acomplishing
He could not hide that from you for that long .
Pareticularly IF IT IS GOING TO BE A LARGE WEDDING .
What girls have to learn to do is ask questions without asking .
Coz i feel i need her , and i feel i wan na keep her with me .
Do Not be sorry for being young juss tell them yu are not into old women $ ! # % & * ( ) !
Or post your pic on amihotornot.com .
I am not married yet peaple
Be there for him if he needs advice or someone to talk to .
A cannot read stars . find another way to say it
Bra & panty which r not covering anything .
Kind Of like intense pain being relieved .
I Am 20 , a girl and a virgin .
Is A GUY , AND MOST OF MY OTHER FRIENDS ARE GUYS
Men and women are somewhat similar .
The first time you betray a man ( or woman ! )
Do n't say to get back up on the horse , please .
Do n't you hate it when people ask questions with questions ?
You should look at around you first .
Hey , i have been going through something similar to your situation .
Likely , you have guy friends who just that , friends .
I love him but does he love mo ?
You have to recreate your self first !
Because they are not looking at the obvious
If she is not in a relationship , sure , why not ?
Only Easy girls have sex in cars .
Once a cheater always a cheater .
Go OUT AND HAVE A GOOD TIME . BE FREE ! ! ! !
I need to get to know her .
You are still pretty young , give it a couple of more years .
But , I guess that can go for men too .
I do not know of a site , but that is because i like to see it myself .
And also mention that whether she has a b/f or not that you two can still be friends !
We truly either do not hear it , or do not care .
If she wanted to date me .
Personally I gave my wife Irises . ( that 's what she loves ) so ever since Irises are it !
Not trying to be mean , but a lot of men make the mistake again .
Order one at a on line dating service .
Yes it is bad , because you are not like seeing the truth .
My neice really likes this boy .
Lubrication= KY jelly or something similar .
Show him that your more fun than pool , or join in with him unless its not yur thing .
With your particulars ( tell me more about yourself )
I hung out with my sister and friend 's .
The V A G I N A
Lousy EXCUSE AND SHAME ON HER IF SHE ACCEPTS IT .
Just do not make it so serious .
Just wondering , i do not have any size insecurities .
Just tell he what you saw .
Girls : This guy I like , he 's really cute alright .
If you  are still wondering , find some gals who you are just friends with and ask them .
Now i 've never had this type of connection with another person like that .
A taller and more muscular brad pitt ?
Some GUYS WILL TAKE A GOOD LOOKING WOMAN EVEN IF SHE 'S A DING BAT , JUST BECAUSE SHE LOOK GOOD .
Women should do what they  are told only if they want to .
Fear AND DOUBT CAN TRICK YOU .
Give up on him , you cannot have a relationship with someone who will not open up .
She liked me and made it sweetly obvious .
Do not get him in your life , get him out of your life .
I guess biting is just on your list !
Tell you the truth K i do n't even know
Rubber duckie , buttercup , snookums or death on wheels
Or 2 do n't tell her and gust live with it but keep her as a freind
I 'm a girl and I am already disgusted !
Can you imagine what it would be like in 10 or 20 years !
Do Not FORGET TO CHOOSE AND VOTE FOR BEST ANSWER ! ! !
Go up to him and get him alone with you .
Unless the guy is really hot and then i might tuck it in myself .
If she aggrees then you don need to go somewhere else .
If all else fails . sneak out lol. ! !
After you look at it you find the answer to your question .
This BOY MIGHT BE STILL SEEING THIS OTHER GIRL ON THE SIDE , OR HAS N'T BEEN UP FRONT W/ HER .
If TODAY WAS A BAD DAY , TOMORROW COULD BE THE EXACT OPPOSITE .
It does n't make a different unless you are a doc .
Then I did it here at 16 and him at 24 BIG BIG BIG mistake .
Go up to the girl and tell her that she ca n't have him he is yours forever .
Talk to his friends and let them know you are interested in him ! !
If the 2 siblings are getting married and they are close , why not have a double wedding ?
Can you be a swinger and single , I thought swinging was purely a married couple deal .
Choose one of them the one you are heart approved
Is it hot in here . or is it you ?
Well for one if she is your friend she will get over it and be happy for you .
Half price books on round grove and mac arthur
He DID N'T CHEAT ALL BY HIS LONESOME ! ! !
That way the kids do not have to choose one parent , which is wrong .
Since your wife knows you better than anyone on the planet , ask your WIFE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
To GIVE ROSES TO HIS LOVE OR SING A SONG TO CHEER UP HIS DAUGHTER .
Well firstly : FIND OUT IF HE WANTS TO HAVE A RELATIONSHIP WITH YOU ! ! !
The one that you ca n't live without .
Tell him you do n't think of him that way .
Guys are thinking the same thing about you .
Like my Mama said once , do n't write no check your behind ca n't cash !
A relation that makes you feel better . fulfills your life and leaves you restless if not with you are partner
So I SAY IF YOUR SERIOUS , FORK UP THE CASH .
So i say you should stay home until your a bit older .
I am 46 and would like to find nice man to share life with any ideas
If you wan na play sports you should do it !
Yes you should n't date the guy
Have lots of money when you ask her and the answer is Yes maybe ,
I 'm only 18 though . so I have some time
Standing UP W/HER LEG OVER MY SHOULDER
Can you truely be in-love with someone or do you really just love that person .
Do Not look for things to spice it up .
I love kids but most important i love kids with good lookin mamas
Is THERE ANY GUY YOU LIKE IN YOU ARE SCHOOL ?
Cuz men like to show off for their friends even if there friends are idiots
No because i am sure ull be able 2 find a great male lawyer that will understand everything you say
Honey , who cares what all the girls think ?
Both are single dad , nice guy .
So stop looking just wait see what happens .
YOU cannot give money to some one n love or ask them to care about you .
Sending fake emails can come back to haunt you .
See them both and do not promise to be exclusive to either , never lie about it , just omit
This is just not the place .
Just not too much becasue most women do not like cocky men !
Girls have a tendency to read into things a lot .
The g babay right behind the ear back of neck
No i woodn hate you.i woodn hate you cuz i don no you !
Well I chaeted on this girl , and now I do not want to loose her .
( you never said this was a reality book ) .
Look 4 a guy that likes B. : )
Got a pick up truck instead of pimp car .
Always choose to be happy even when others think it 's foolish .
Never had without so would n't know . but I will say that after thinking about it . what is the difference ? ? ?
Not age wise but job wise .
And see what they think if the guy likes you .
Warning : Do n't tell your frineds about her .
A nice , hot cup and good conversation .
They got married for a reason but somtimes people forget .
YOU must work things out with you are husband first .
If he calls you or comes to your house to hang out with you then he likes you .
Or find somthing he likes that you can do .
And . who wants half a person anyway , I am whole and do not want half a man or woman .
Buy him a dog and tell him see you later do n't come back
This days , they say that they will stay .
If you wink at her and she smiles back
I do not think you have really had what you think you have had .
Is there a set age to where everyone 'should ' be married or they  will be thought of as stupid ? ? ?
Put it in your bed room when you leave and he arrives .
Just do n't do a heart shaped candy box or stuffed bear .
Give him a dose of his own medicine .
Because they always want to win
* space is for special reasons too ! 1
In that case , shame on you !
And recently he 's been looking at me alot too .
I do not know but i am having the same thing happen to me
Treat them like friends you do n't see very often .
Means guys will asked for it most of the time and gals will like it most of the time .
I 'm down with Minnie on this one
Do n't worry about it , just take the necessary procautions !
She my be testing her bf , or she is thinking about swinging or easing into 3somes .
And not thinking about how many boys you can get .
But I knew He was the one !
Come to me you will forget all those fuckin asses who r after you
5 quarts of oil in the olds .
If so why would he want more when he gets it from you already .
Hello everyone , what is the main facial feature that you like about a guy/gal ? ?
If you  are heart and soul are in love with this man , then GO GET THEM GIRL
Are you kidding loving some one who has no avatar also
Peter meant that your a jerk .
Also she stumbles when she talks to you .
Because you have stolen her baby boy .
She said she wanted to sleep with 6 men
So i would have to agree with them
Mine is 9 when i have a boner
Hes not cheating if his heart looks at you as a friend . it 's not wrong 2 hug a freind
Wow , this guy is sure to give his love out easily !
Do n't ask me how or why but it works .
Tell me what 's good about you are sex .
Ever see a grown man cry ?
Just keep a smile on your face .
And no it does't imply sex .
You got ta ask yourself ; can i compete ?
You DO N'T HAVE TO BE THERE .
Look her in the eye say hello , then smile see if she responds
Music , movies are always a good thing .
So . why should anyone here . wery aboot haw too spall anitheenk ?
If I took good care of him , then no .
Try not to push too hard .
I cannot tell you much but i met him in 6th grade .
Some guys like smaller girls , some like bigger ones .
I know I do n't want my daughter dating and she 's 15 are n't you afraid you might catch something ?
You know what they say . if you never tried it , then there 's nothing really you are missing ! !
The men from honduras are so sweet .
She probably did not hear the line at all , all she heard was grunt , grunt , wan na do it ?
A club where men hang out at to watch woman dance and if they are good they get paid .
God ITS AMAZING THE POWER OF A SAMLL TAPE RECORDER WILL HAVE .
I am not that into pain ! !
Then you should go and talk to him yourself .
Have YOUR NEICE TALK TO THE GUY ABOUT THIS GIRL .
Also , when your man talks to another female in your face !
How much new oil should be put back in ? how much does this all cost to buy ?
So boy , you had better be serious if you even THINK you deserve to be with her again .
Talk to him or change your nickname
For all i know he 's gotten tons of head .
If she is then just tell her sweetly and hug her^_^
You Are id is 'kaw'-ish 4ever kaw-kaw
If you  are single , and they  are still single . then why the heck not ? !
Hey i guess it depends on your age but go for it
Look deeper . pls . you doing something wrong .
Atleast that what i would do .
But guys go I guess several steps further .
Ofcourse there is latinos out here .
If he do n't like it then that is his problem not yours .
I Am 19 in i love to have sex .
Whatever you do though , do it for yourself !
Even if you need to take a class or get some counseling .
I figure he  would just lie anyway .
Well you know what they say you can not forget you are first love .
Buy him sometin like a cologne
But if it 's what i think then because i can ! ! ! ! !
: metaphoric Baby , you know i love pudding .
Keep your pants on until you get married .
Boys that age just like to play .
Usually your gut will tell you or you instincts .
If THAT DO NOT STOP HER THEN IT 'S TIME TO KICK HER A $ $ .
Push IT PUSH IT REAL GOOD
I tell her , Because I had n't met you yet ; - )
Maybe the night before you saw a movie with a girl having sex .
YOU need just lord himself and god in person ! 1 look 4 signs son of a mother * beep * ! ! !
Give him chances , because you would want as many chance as that you could get to make it right/
17 reasons why she should date you : ) good luck
If she says no then let it go .
That err on the side of flirtatious .
Read up on sex murderers habits .
I just hope it dosent make you not trust all guys because not all guys are like that .
Get friendly with some other dude ( preferably one he does not care for ) .
Make it special unique and memorible
Managing a girl is like trying to herd cats ; it does n't work .
Not really , you can pee just fine with a small penis , too .
What is it that you want .
It is the only way to get through life .
That Is ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW .
So just set things straitght with him .
Be sure footed by giving him hints first if that do n't work just say what on your mind .
( a lot of women said its good when guys know how to use it )
Besure to ask him if he is guy 1st ?
That is the problem , do n't start looking , if you wait long enough the right woman will come to you .
I told you I married him !
Do Not let the image of a spanish man make you blind to their real intentions .
Do n't do this if you are trying to get pregnant just to keep a guy .
Sorry 'bout that its a_maclash @ yahoo.com . hope you  would drop by !
He was as ugly as . even shrek is better.she wanted to bolt , but she did n't .
Unless you give them permission , but what ever you do .
This is hard . you do n't need advice you need payback . start flirting with other guys .
And everytime she gets hurt in the end .
If not then let your answer be heard , NO !
Try a little trick I heard on the radio .
Butt doesn'tnecessarily have to be big ( real big ones are gross ) .
R you just askin ` dat to get to know girls and hookup ?
Start seeing other guys or keep yourself busy
Love yourself and have fun doing it .
Stabbed her and trough her down stairs and all because of drinking .
Probably NOT YOU LOOK LIKE A GEEK
I have no clue . maybe because they are embarassed to act upon what they really want .
I keept moving in the fist man who said he wanted to be with me .
Yes , but they are either gay or married !
I woudl help if i ubderstood what you are asking
At least you can say you are a happy fool not a lonely wise person .
Look longingly into your man 's eyes , and ask him , Would you be mad at me if I were pregnant ?
He 's like 2006 years old now lol
You need to go to counseling with him . trust me i know . i was like him
3 : were both 14 and i do not think we are allowed to date yet .
I want a man who goes to church oh yes you have to a church going guy .
You ca n't MAKE someone love you & you really do n't want to even try !
Do YOU WANT TO FIND A MEMBER ON YAHOO FI SO MY E-MAIL IS KIKILOVEJUNETTA @ YAHOO.COM
Do n't compare it to anyone else 's life .
They have as many if not more nerve endings then the hand .
That i am a shemale . : )
I  will go and talk to her
I could just EAT YOU UP .
Maybe you need to post more details ?
How bout putting some details in it .
Spend lots of time with him .
Stick on a wig . or a chest wig
Make him laugh at least 2 times a week .
It prooves that you care about her ^
They  are not , Just every 28 days .
21 and he is my husband now
As far as money . Fake it till you make it .
Right now , we  are really good friends and I would even say she likes me too to some extent .
I Am really srry bout what happened : (
I listen to him daily .
That depends on what the definition of is is
Sorry babe , your ' e gon na have to give her some space on this one .
If he 's fun and you like him . go for it .
Have fun and live a little .
Love & PARENT 'S COME IN ONE PACKAGE .
Lots of women these days still use their maiden names , even after they are married .
Sorry , 22 is too early to get married ! ! !
No , that implies that ya want to have coffee with her .
If yur a virgin then think it thru a little bit more .
You never write . never call . not even a Hallmark ! ! ! ! !
If YES , then , you are too shy .
I just do n't know what to do .
Scenario : I am a married man with pictures of my child on the wall .
Get out now and if you do n't , please do n't have kids .
Definately TELL YOUR NEICE THAT SHE DOES N'T NEED TO FIGHT OVER THIS BOY .
Sign uo in perfet match and these things
No , only crazy girls think that way
This is sort of a strange question .
Why do you think girls kick guys ' balls ?
How could someone be born some way that is automatically not okay ?
Look in your phone book for your closest alanon group .
And yeah . there 's no way that i would even date someone if i knew that they did that .
The guy down at time square that calls me George and ask 's for my money . yes .
Yeah whtever flirting is flirting someone just thinks you are hot
You make new friends who you can trust and will not abanden you .
Love would come through out you are life not money .
Yes , I have It 's like any other dating site , but a little different .
The next girl 's dad was totally scarey and always home , and nothing ever happened .
They get the satisfaction and this manly ego that they made a girl submissive .
Do Not try to be someone you are not .
What is meant to be will be .
If my man pulled some mess like that , I would go straight beserk on him !
Give them enough rope and they will hang themselves .
You  are not always gon na find what you  are looking for .
Talked i mean like you were going out and she talked the whole time !
Dude . young chics are screwing older dudes .
Look at Clark Kent , he 's no Superman .
Not NOT NOT , why would you want to be with such an older man ?
YOU cannot be a vegitarian on a Valentines Day
Can I get some Sexualdicease without having sex with my girl ?
Most definitely i woud n't want to have sex with a little dick man
Only problem is , she 's 15 and I 'm , well . 23 .
Do Not change to make yourself right for some other guy .
Sure why not it would be fun .
2 : i do not wan na just randomly walk up and say it in front of everyone .
I have a gay friend and he is so awsome !
If he needs that much impressing he should n't be in my bed ( or me in his )
I CA N'T SEE WHY THE GIRL WOULD WANT TO FIGHT YOUR NEICE IF THE TWO HAD BROKEN UP COMPLETELY .
How can i make the girls walk to me if i'am bald man ?
When you figure out the answer to this let me know as soon as possible
He dribbles . he shoots . he scores . 2 points .
Its sometimes called the ego-thing-you-know . let him do whatever he wants to do .
No , he is not a loser . and there is nothing wrong w/ being a virgin at 18 !
Gay PEOPLE R ASWMOE I WISH I HAD A GAY FRIEND _
Whew . has this earth already typecasted men to be all that indecent ?
Are you my husband trying to fool around ?
because he was n't the perfect man she wanted !
Did you fart . becase you blow me away ! ! !
Anyways I wo n't tell her without evidence .
Do n't waffle or try to be cute .
Good luck with that , your gon na need it !
Then get somethign like that- football tickets or jersey , music DVD , membership to a fan club .
Your going to need all the help you can get .
I do n't think I  will ever find a female my age like her .
Be his friend get his trust
Two wrongs do not make a right .
And when a real man .
When guys do n't shower , red hair shows real bad .
From experience at the time you think love but they wo n't always be ther for you you are family will .
Because girlfriends do not really care about husbands after marriage .
This may sound wrong . but trust me , it works .
And i do not feel bad if he seays no .
Be a queen get a king !
Do Not trust ANYONE that you meet thru the internet !
Depends on how late you  are having coffee .
Once i used the reason of the media ! !
Yes , but I never go there .
Or am I just barking up the wrong tree ?
Maybe we stupid , but that why women just got ta let us kno some stuff
A girl with JUST good looks will get boring after a while , she has no real core to her .
I see him every day at dance and i am not sure how to dump him . help please
Ha that is been said before has not it ?
Well , do n't leave us hanging . IS he asking you out ?
But remember this once you cheat on her she now has an excuse t cheat on you
But I know it 's hard when there are kids involved
I do not know , i am in a situation like that right NOW .
Once I dumped a girl because my friends made fun of her chin .
I have lots of guy friends , and the subject of sex never even came up .
A person gets 1 chance only .
: ) No , but for real - why do n't you want your mom to know ?
Now to me that seems a little drastic and all of a sudden , no ?
Men are strange and you can never figure out what there thinking
Do you think my bf is cheating ?
I know that if i keep hanging out with him my feels will grow for him .
Do n't forget the song that went . red roses for a blue lady .
If you have to ask you are too young .
Fyi- i 'm 29 and he 's 30 .
How cheap ? -howza 'bout making him a hand made card .
I think its because they r tring to b you are reel mom
Whenever my lady calls me nasty . i reply ; you like nice boys or nasty boys ?
My mom did n't know until my older brother told on me .
You can use message oils and sex toys it lot of ways to spice up your sex life .
No offense , but you really need to go out more .
Ciara was making out with Missy Eliot , hehehe
Love is when you ` re w/ the guy you love , then hate comes when he breaks you are heart
Coz if he 's not , I will .
He IS A HOTTIE ( I THINK )
I still love my first love and still love all the girls i have ever loved to some extent
No they are n't he said call her miss wow . get it bow wow miss.wow
God is great , but he is not going to solve your problems for you .
If you really want a relationship with her you should .
Always double date with a girl friend , double dates , g roup dating etc .
Never done it would rather say hey i am bored and need something new
Maybe but try not being so hard up.That helps a lot lmao
I hate having people tell me what i 'm gon na do !
I Am sorry to say but yes .
I have learned why i am the way i am .
If you do n't want to become pregnant , or contract an STD then i suggest you do n't .
I would n't hate you because of it .
No matter how independent ( or superior ) that woman is , somebody had to fall for her .
Well , i have been with 60+ women so i cannot say no
Just tell him that you like him too much to be his girlfriend and that friends are better .
You DO N'T SIT BACK AND IGNORE WHAT HE 'S DOING , YOU STAND GROUNDED FOR SOME RESPECT !
Something is wrong All I feel is distance !
Some woman might want an old fat guy hehe . if they have money .
Mushi . mushi . i am a japanese girl !
Nope , but they  will expect her to make the first move .
Now if she starts looking on the male HUSTLER site , PROBLEM .
Jesus died so as to guilt trip so you can ask that question .
How do I make them stop ! ! !
If she is n't the one , she is n't the one !
But do not just rush into anything .
Generally you do or you do not .
Most women go by the saying , once a cheater always one .
I have an attraction to spanish and latino and black men .
Romance with your mate does belong to you.is that what you meant ?
Get a job ( If you do not have ) Go out with your kids , have fun with them .
No cuz they r stupid and their brains are VERY underdeveloped .
Do it in person or on the phone .
He will tell you that he will never hurt you . But he will . anger has a mind of its own .
It HELPS TO SPELL YOUR QUESTION CORRECTLY !
Do n't tell him it is not worth it
Oh , and i make my own money .
I have 3 yrs clean & sorbor & a hole new life .
! mb she was n't the right girl for you ! !
Do n't let anyone crush your spirits !
You should be focusing on yourself .
If YOUR NEICE CONFRONTS THIS GIRL ON HER OWN , I 'M AFRAID THE GIRL MIGHT LASH OUT IN RAGE .
Do you love him enough to stay with him if the kid is his ?
How many People Have you slept with ? ?
My boyfriends is 7 inches . i measured myself !
Life is a b_ then you marry one .
Also think of what he looks like and what is going on in and around his life .
Get over him and move on .
She invited me to go to see Bob Hope with her .
But do n't do anything that you  will be upset about the next day .
I just sorta went on about my days like i used to and it started to get better .
Should i just let him go on his way to try mend the relationship with his ex or what ?
When he sweats it will hurt like hell .
Come to him witha brave heart and tell him you likes him and want to be his gf
How can you not like it and why is it that bad : ( .
Make him jealous and make want you more .
Wow , nice question you have there .
Forget about it , why risk it .
No i do n't , heck you like it then i love it !
Know how to eat it for a very long time !
Either you are really stupid or you are just wasting others ppls time .
His Mom just hugged him and said , And you never will .
Find out what is that first .
Do Not have sex with them , do not buy them gifts do not buy anything unless they are also buying for you .
Anyway the day after thanksgiving i was at her house visiting my kids and her .
Just do what 's right for you .
If I really liked her , then yeah .
Go bich slap the girl and take him back
Best of luck , I feel your pain .
I keep hearing you pick the wrong men .
YOU will not get love for money you would let love from you are heart .
Which one has the bang for your buck ?
If you know of someone doing this , PLEASE do n't hesitate !
If ya love him you  will let him go !
My BEST FRIEND TRIED EHARMONY , YAHOO , AND SOME LOCAL PERSONALS .
When YOU DECIDE LEAVE PLENTY OF TIME TO WORK OUT THE DETAILS .
So find him and he will lead you to her .
And move on with your happy life .
About 3 mths later my dad come around and ask us to come home for thanks giving .
I really do love him but he 's acting like I do not exsist .
Nope HER LOSS AND PROBABLY YOUR GAIN
What are you going to do ?
Because they are waiting on you to make the first move ! !
I really this guy that i am dating , kicking it with or whatever you wan na call it .
I thnik they can be good friends your boyfriend is just being controling
The need to have it out on Jerry Springer !
Always try to listen to them though .
Ther are just as mutsh of the bad appels as ther is pears . good luck finding MR charming .
Although even if he does send them to you , he still might be cheating .
Like they say , nice guys finish last .
I would forgive him but my trust for him would be low
Move on , you  are 13 . why do you even need a boyfriend ?
Love is when you really care about the person .
She is STILL trying to break us up !
Just ask him and let a girl know
I love strawberries and whip cream .
Learn how to write a full sentence you have got very bad grammer
I 'm also more of a butt guy .
If you know what i mean
I met alot of his friend and they are cool to .
Act like I did n't see it .
Uhhhhh . I Am gon na have to say yyyeah . Just being honest .
I do n't have to pay anything ?
Really we all know so do not act stupid !
I do not do pickup lines , just introduce your self an keep the conversation going .
See if he 's willing to go out with you .
YOU- You G- Got ta L- Love Y- Yourself Are you a queen ?
If not then go for it !
Do n't we always want what we maybe ca n't have ?
! ya uhh , , good luck on that ! !
I say this because I used to be this way .
Are you sure this is the first time hes done this ?
I have never worried about that .
High school aged male is the one I am after . jock . HOTT !
No one wants a double wedding !
It 's not abnormal but most people have already .
You are the only one that needs to be happy ; ) Baby you rock ! ! !
( To friend ) Can I borrow your garage ?
But imagine what if he says YES : -D
Yeah i think , but be careful .
That Is ignorant as hell that is saying f uck you to her basically .
You are too young for a boyfriend .
Yes forget about her p ast .
And then . you could get with Sheena ( the chick above me ) .
Leave them in the bathroom with some toys you can disenfect .
I find drunk dialing to be a hoot .
You really ca n't , i think time will tell
They were cheating WITH somebody WHAT ABOUT HER ? ? ? ? ? ?
If you do not want him in your life , restraining order .
But still i am kind of surprise by your question .
I do n't agree with that at all and this just sounds ridiculous .
C is very nice . D is too big
Act as man you gon na get a lot
Say Hey baby do I get any fries with that shake .
Love shoudl always come before sex ( not saying it did n't ) .
How do i get over him ?
Its so unfair to both parties .
And there is no rush on should I get a boyfriend .
It  would be awesome if a whole lot of really cute girls would chase me !
Like how do i get him ta look at me and say my outfit is really ya know pretty .
Ya i think they r engaged but i am not positive
I cook , shop , and all sorts of things .
If its over then talk to whom ever you want ! you do not need his premission .
Give more info . bf that is off to college , moved away ?
Just take caution that you do n't do alot of that in front of him .
You are looking wrong area i think .
No thugs becausen they can kill you .
Cover up is only temporary , and it s not originally you .
No they  will just completly demolish your dreams !
I think that it is when thier balls drop ! ! !
You just keep being you and forget about them
There are lots of things that do n't even cost anything . except your time .
Do n't take any tension if you r masturbating .
Okay I 'm 15 My mom do n't let me do shit .
For a girl like that , it 's worth waiting , is n't it ?
Some girls are shallow and think looks are everything but really personailty matters
I had a girlfriend that her ex beat the Sh . out of her .
Girls check out guys as much as guys check out girls .
Um . well he seems like hes making a exuse well that is wat i think at least
Its the best thing you have ever felt you do not want it to stop once it starts ! ! ! !
Hey jim . you suck in bed .
Just because one man never finds it does n't mean that it 's not out there .
Just keep an eye out , you can never be to sure .
So try and ask about her parents first .
They are all ugly dumb b * tches .
Kick over a few stones . everybody has a purpose in life . you just got ta find what it is .
Yea my b/f is a pretty decent guy
If they are cooler than your expectations , great .
Whose trailer did that happen at ?
Yeah , like he  would even care if someone as old as me thought he was a cutie !
Who cares what other pepole think ?
Sorry do n't mean to throw your husband in a boat like that .
Or you could go to some club , like a sports club ?
Dump him and hook up with me !
Let me know what you think .
Are you sure he loves you ? if not forget him .
You have to become a whole person yourself before you get serious again .
But I catch him staring at me during class .
When you scream at a troll , he wins .
Because you 've just took my heart away !
If he likes pool more than you , and this makes you feel bad , dump him NOW ! ! !
You know parents to know what 's best for their kids ! !
Because they  are men it 's encoded into their geans at birth
Hold her hand and look into her eyes to say it . trust me it works
The fact that people hate others b/c of their sexual orientation makes them idiots .
I think it you just say things like that to girls , you may have some luck !
Me and my best friend been friends since 9th grade and we are now out of school.anything is possible
Yes thare just hard to find
And do n't assume what people think about you .
( I do n't know of any , sorry )
Sure i  would love to make friends with you . just drop a line or two on my inbox !
This frustrates guys a lot , apparantly .
Like she has the lock and i have the key ! !
Both have to work at it .
Because we are good at it ! ! !
How can i learn how to understand guy there so complex
I do not know , maybe he got bored .
But TRY TO UNDERSTAND WHY HE DID WHAT HE DID AND BE OPEN WITH HIM .
Because we do n't need them trained to say we  are wrong .
You SHOULD LET HIM ASK YOU WHEN HE IS READY .
No it 's not wrong at all !
Take a chance all she could say is no .
If it 's his only you are outta luck .
* can i buy you a drink , or do you just want the money ?
I would not worry about that yet .
Date other guys work on you because your # 1
Love is an emotion not an attraction at tha end of tha day who is best for you
Do not let them get to you .
Go for it . you only live once
Yes i do and i 'm so greatful that he did
They will always remember and falling in love becomes that much harder .
I have real love in my heart .
I love my boyfriend so much .
But I do n't think I have really ever been in love with someone .
Answer master has it , that is just not right .
Go get a rubber ball and let 's get this game started !
You  are a little young to be dating do n't you think ?
I have to ask : Why date someone at your age ?
12 is far too young to be bothering with boy girl nonsense .
If you think he is cheating , he probably is .
He came around everyday , and called 24/7 .
Laugh it off and say , Whoever he is , he 's alucky guy .
Jsut be yourself if you have a good personailty then you will have no problem getting a decent girl
In love AND war ANYTHING is possible ! !
I Am 18 , lost it when i turned 18 last march n i am addicted to it .
How about you ask her for starters if she likes you or not ? ?
Time is forever and forever is where you will want to be with him right ?
Remember THAT JESUS WAS A VIRGIN .
But HERE IS SOME GREAT ADVISE TO HELP YOU FIND YOUR PURPOSE THAT I KNOW WILL HELP .
Hell no , obviously you do not care or love her , why cheat ? ? ?
But be sure that you love him and he is a nice person .
And stop taking walks with this gal .
I CAN IMAGINE HOW IT WOULD BE REALLY HARD TO GET OVER A SITUATION LIKE THAT .
If I can give you advice .
Just kidding . that never worked for me . Only time and another person 's affections can mend a broken heart .
If you realy want to learn . then get out there and date .
Try to make that 200 boys . : P
Your Friend no matter what , Rachel
My guy mentioned to me beforehand that he found that embrassing .
When i threw up in class
I plan on getting my boyfriend some cologne or silk boxers .
Yes that is right so just go with it
And really i 'm not trying to be mean or a bu ttwhole , but really stop doin things like that ! !
Flirt with her , and then ask for eMail and tell her what you think .
And i am thinking about turning away from him PLZ PLZ PLZ HELP !
My boyfriend has been calling me his honey and baby for the past 6 years .
Are you just going to pass me up ?
A fishing pool and a ticket to a great fishing spot
Both on the net and radio .
Oh Course . and dude , Your Not Pathetic .
Go to disco and you will find many of them there that like to have sex with you !
YOU might be allergic to latex condom or the spermacide
You ca n't force her to forgive you .
Just hang in there and be strong .
Hes shy and i have known him fir like 3 years .
Any i over reacting or what ?
Certainly not , I go out with many friends , but do n't consider myself as dating many guys .
With a sexy tone . good luck
He obviously does n't love you if he needs to cheat .
Enjoy it as often as possible
So , how do I do it if it happens again ?
There are only 2 times i wan na be with you . and that 's now and forever
I noticed girls do check out , just like guys .
Hmm . What kind of things does she like ?
Your on the wrong site jack a * * .
Just give it sometime . you find her .
I have been participating in cultural interaction and now i want it in my marriage .
Hit the gym & bulk up .
Tell her that you do n't want to ruin your marriage , life , family , kids , reputation .
I said No , I do not love you .
Always . which is why no matter how bad it gets , keep in mind that 'this too shall pass ' !
Who says Braini girls are not pretty .
Other than that maybe they just really do n't feel loved .
His voice gets softer ( Hey , you ) when ever you two talk .
Me , I LIKE CHATTING WITH ANY GUY ON THE NET.WHAT 'S YOUR EMAIL ?
It 's nice to think it looks do n't matter , but they most certainly do .
Why you do not shut the hell up .
We have tried counseling that did n't work , because for 1 we did n't finish .
It all depends on the situation but i guess i would say honesty is always the best policy !
Smile and let her talk first .
When you do find her , do n't screw it up !
A little overprotective , but god , if she is already doin it at the age of 5 i will go ballistic .
But sometimes guys can be stupid and shy .
I need one too , but it will not come by sitting down , go out and have fun !
Fat people make me nauseas i would never date a fat person
I have no idea . should i stop being more than a friend to her . or should i fight for her ?
Let him make the 1st move more romantic and your not to young to kiss
I found some lip stick in the van .
The best way to propose to your girlfriend is to ask her to marry you
Finaly i gave in because i was tire of him .
I was told that someone is out there for all of us .
My advice - - > Do wat love makes you do ! ! !
I  would say when your ' e ready , but i perfer 18 and up
Thin is in pick the skinny 1
Give each other space keep very good comunication and there should be no rules when in bed
Ohhh , I did go out with him .
I 'M A BLACK FEMALE WHO LOVES MY BLACK MAN VERY MUCH .
Or sleeping with someone but having one of them not orgasm , is not considered sex just making out .
So how about you ask your own kind where to find some pussies .
Just tell him . you never know he might want you to .
I was wondering how old is her boyfriend anyway , is he the same age as you ? I
It would n't take too long i suppose , something about 2 months or so would n't do bad
That means around 1 out of 4 men will actually not cheat on their woman .
Or do you like some meat ?
Perhaps you should be asking HER . just a thought .
But a decent guy wo n't mind .
Well if you r asking this question maybe you are a little to young to know the answer
Because guys are pigs hot jerks and physical features are the only words in their dating rule book
Get the hell out of thee house .
If she says no then respect her reasons and do n't push .
If she does , do you really want tha kind of woman in your life ?
Hell yeah . some of the best tricks out there .
I Am not saying other races are not i am just saying that From my experiances that i find them like that .
Why would he believe that of you an his best friend !
I am more interested in the relationship , and getting to know my girl
Because a lot of you ladies let them .
You need to tell your friend you like her , or get over it .
Not really , because if they have girlfriends , then they must have something that 's attractive and obiously , you see it .
Kiss- 15 to 25 seconds ( It was New Year 's ) The Mommy and Daddy Dance- About an hour
Try to live without boy friend for some time its better if you can do
( LOL I wonder if is it possible to have sex with your clothes on ?
Maybe because you are a virgin
This is what you do.show him a little hip a little thigh .
My EXPERIENCE WAS THE MOST EYE OPENING ! ! !
I boy talk that means Hey Girl I SO like you
Show her you love her by doing things she likes like getting her something she really wants or likes .
Of course she know , if she look at you , she like it .
How much time have you spent with her ?
And no matter how I tried , to be kind .
If you are looking for just positions then get a positions book
Take your kids and get out . NOW !
Do Not let him pressure you to get married ! ! !
Just tell her that she looks good .
Strike up a conversation with him .
I have a friend who just became single and she swears by this .
I 'm mean to the guys i like its a way fo saying i like you
Wow . this is one I actually know about .
A pretty long time just do n't let he/she minipulate your mind .
All I am going to say is be careful what you ask for .
This one sound boring and like he does not really want to have fun with you .
Yeah i paid for my best friend to go to camp .
It is hard and yes , you do miss the person , but we have found ways around that .
Hook me up i  will give it a shot . > : )
Hey SWEETIE I AM PRUOD TO BE ONE AFTER ALL I AM 13 ! ! ! !
I never had a relationship with this guy from past .
It 'S NOT AS IF I WOKE UP ONE MORNING & SAID OH I THINK I  WILL BE A LESBIAN .
Ofcourse you still love her and i cannot blame you for that .
Get close to his frends . n b a gentle garl in front of him . make him c you are beauties .
The best is to be honest .
A long time . just remember that time heals all and you will be healed
You need to upfront with him . let him knw how you feel ( like he 's ignoring you )
Love is age less . love is immortal . its not a relation this is a tie of soul
Hey . i like a girl who lives far from me ! i met her at a camp . you should listen to your heart !
I 'm so curios and ca n't wait any longer !
The trick is finding one that wants it all
Anything she is cooking try to assist her in style in the kitchen
Believe in youself at all times
Where can I find their website
My dad yells at me about it because my sister is not around .
I asked my boyfriend to go out with me i was n't going to wait on him .
If you just have to have sex , then move on a leave this girl alone .
Gay men as long as they have good taste .
Once you get the feeling that you ca n't imagine your life without him then you  will know
If I kissed a close friend I would n't forget it either .
Better yet mail it to a wrong address !
You could never go wrong with that !
No you are avatar looks like $ hit
Commiment , women who are independent and women who are n't scared to put it on them
The ones I catch do , I think , anyway , it 's the only way to make them be still .
Yeah we love ya and all . but we still want to hit it .
How do i get him to talk to me about his life and how he cools off ?
R you listening to music rite now ?
Those old-fashioned wooden seats just hurt when they splinter !
( faimly guy ) are you a boy or a girl ?
If the girl eat to much .
Are n't we spoiling men like that .
I have always believed that when someone is gay they have the hormones from the opposite sex
No . that would be an unnessasary lie
Be honest about it and maybe the relationship wo n't end if you do n't want it to .
If He was love you are Start talk her .
Do not abuse back two wrongs do n't make a right .
Rub her bak or somethin you know , make it exciting
Or should i break-up with him ?
Eventhough you are the smallest person its the average . 1 tablespoon .
But do n't go out with him , if you do n't want to .
No- are you an internet stalker ?
Step away and just leave her alone .
I realy , honestly , think it does .
Tell him you are gon na be bored this weekend .
My girlfriend does , buy my wife does not
Dear if you put god frist in all thing you find that there good in men .
It 's not stupid you can learn many things from others
Becuase there are plunty of girl 's who will say yes .
If she just wants the attention , she will answer right then .
But first is that only in your mind or not ?
You can tell after you kiss : ) )
Depends on da guy . but rite now i got me a gf
Not until sex becomes boring think about it
The average penis is 5 to 7 inches .
But I 've learned alot about myself .
That just depends on how willing you are . to be the second of the bunch .
Take my advice and consider it ok
I intend to end my 'adventure ' coz i 'm not at 20ies anymore .
I think every guy just gets chocolates .
( this can also lead to more luvin ) .
Oh , and if she is changing her personality all the time , STAY AWAY !
Ca n't seem to get her out of my head !
Its alot cleaner and looks alot nicer too .
That Is gay . if she wo n't then she is not worth it
Listen here to all of you people that do not understand .
Have you ever dated a guy because of any of these things ? ? ?
Ok well you are young and you just kissed .
We do n't make love as often if at all .
If he screws up again then dump the bum .
Eg : Snow White , Cinderella and etc !
Strawberries and cream regular whipped crean chocolate honey , cinammon , etc .
Then it is a good sign .
He lives far away and his best friend just got hurt really badly .
Pls you are question seems 2 be confusing
All guys show if they like you differently .
I pick up other girls and have 3 ways with him .
That they wo n't be men enough .
Walk up to him and say I like French Fries , do you ?
Hey I have advice for you .
Ya about 6 weeks in advance .
Pain THAT DOES N'T KILL YOU MAKES YOU STRONG . Dude just hang on .
Why would you make YOURSELF look stupid like that ?
Straight parents Gay son Lesbian daughter
Flat head for my beer , no teeth for my * * * * , Mute
Personally i do not think its cheating .
Bet thing girl dump him and do n't give him any !
Look for another guy next time think before you have sex .
And we should know that we are in love because its a great feeling .
Me personally , i find it sweet .
Mmm , hard one here , well you are only 16 , why not try to find someone else ?
I do n't care what people say , there is always a way .
Do n't b the other girl in the relationship b/c if she finds out & they break up .
Ex : you culd tell dem straight up flirt ask a friend to tell them write a letter/send email etc .
If the guy decide to go dutch in paying .
If it is ok for you to date , I definately think you should be brave and ask her out .
Boys tend to make fun of ya when the flirt .
I wanted her to say there  d be some day , Be crawling on my knees , to ask her back again .
That was maybe the saddest breakup ever . honestly , there is not a good way .
Ok , Ok , I know , not all of you are evil ice queens .
You do not have to finish everything in one sitting though .
I want me a strong strapping man !
Tell that bi @ # h to kick rocks .
When YOU FELL , FROM HEAVEN WHAT ?
I find out about a little baby girl .
( WHAT EVER HAPPENED TO MAKING LOVE ? )
Try TO UNDERSTAND EACH OTHER IN THE BEST WAY POSSIABLE . 7 .
Who cares what you are freinds think , they  are not gon na be the ones dating her !
Either he likes you or you have a booger hangin .
Just hang out and observe the other person , , , you will know if they are true or not
A simple walk in the park sounds like a good thing .
At a very young age I found myself attracted to women .
It happens to the best of us : - )
You two have 2 beautiful children god has blessed you with .
And if he still wo n't tell you ask him what is up .
He is not the man that turns the earth around overnite so how busy can he be ?
Plus there is a guy here who is bothering me .
There is no way around this bro .
The FIRST PERSON GOT IT COVERD I AM 17 TOO DO NOT 2
She likes playing games then she might need to know how it feels .
Then ask her is she 's seeing anybody at the moment ?
Then later that night he tried to get the money back .
Just because of the person who did it .
I do not see why this is even an issue !
Have chicks as friends and make sure the booty call is hung up on quick .
Go ahead make you are own rules
If you truly love each other you should not but you can still flirt wit other guyz
There are a lot of things to consider here .
Some people do not even know about search !
And I guess he was playing me out .
So why use it to celebrate a permanent union ? ?
We left that club and went to another .
The worst he could say was no .
You do n't have to take it .
Male or female who ca n't get enough sex .
Like . - well , you tell me first . , and after that you have some more clues .
Just try to remember what you loved about her .
If it just does not work . see a sex therapist .
My age is 17 i m a pakistani
But if she tells you she likes you , she 's lying .
Then I saw him watching me .
If you really like him than take the plunge .
Do Not just take the next girl to come along becouse your lonly .
But here lately i have wanted to be single again .
All i can say is you will know when it happens .
What does your guilt tell you ? .
All girls are lesbians if you get them drunk enough .
Start hanging out in coffee houses .
When I say heavy I do n't mean 5 , 10 or 15 pounds overweight , I mean fat .
Go and get other mister right and deserving for you are affection and will love you honestly !
Things that hurt , you no what i am talkin about ) .
Just to get some random man turned on and then to part ways .
I love black men , though I never been with one .
I married a man w/ a large one , but certainly not for the size of it .
Whenever you think the time is right
I need to get a life .
Learning how to kiss someone is more fun in person than it would be to learn online ! !
Considering that , last i heard there was something like 27 million people on myspace .
The WAY GOD LOVES US IS THE WAY YOU GIVE LOVE BACK .
When you two talk about it
I Am a virgin and i am proud of it
I am joshua , based in nigeria .
Thanks gentlemen for your honest answers .
I got ta tell ya it ai n't cool .
Stick it in there and move it back and forth
Or the things that couse conflict .
All you got ta do is just try to be around them more and act like you like them .
I Am korean and i have never dated one .
No , and do not go back it wil only end in pain !
If she do n't love you , then dump her .
Go to clubs or party you will find you are man somewhere
Hey , maybe I  will live to be 200 ?
You already have one unless she does to .
Doens't work and you just waste your time .
Its the only way to truly win him over ! !
Tell her to use birth control
Too many temptations . why do you think girls have breasts implants ?
( but of course she would ) But how can I trust her now ?
Would you date an ugly guy even if he had a nice personality ?
If he like you , then you are breaking the ice towards possible a great relationships . A WORD OF CAUTION .
If you ca n't find clues , then get him some m and ms
The artist Van Gogh once cut off his ear and sent it to his girlfriend
It will twist up then break you down .
I would not that is for sure .
Lol i really am i guess .
There ARE BAD APPLES IN EVERY BUNCH .
I would n't , but you can if you want to .
However - - i find him looking at me every now and then .
Search IN INDIA 100 CORRES PEOPLE R THERE
Be honest with yourself and do n't let others convince you of something you do n't really believe .
But I am a young , good looking guy that has n't had a girlfriend in 4 years .
I believe when you said you still love her .
Who knows , maybe he loves you back .
So 'fess up and do n't do it again .
Last week she invited me to her birthday with her family , I went .
You have better be good at routing days and phone calls
And always we kiss and make it better . TOGETHER .
Yes , only if i really think we would be good together
And plan on staying that way til i 'm married . no problem here .
Do good and good will come to you
Ask her to shave it . or at least cut it down a bit .
Which could also happen if you do n't tell him
So my bf was really angry and he said he needed to go cool off like usual .
Well , manthan . i guess you are rejected by girls , eh ?
Well if your boyfriend doest answer his phone what do you think ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Also I HEAR SO MANY PEOPLE SAYING I LOVE THEM BOTH WHAT DO I DO ?
It is so amazing and you can do many things inside it .
Makes the sperm stronger and faster .
Show her love . lts of it and you will get that back .
I want a guy who is honest , hard working , goal driven , good looking , polite , and well dressed .
Guys like it that way sometimes .
I rele do n't know what to say but .
They love there father no matter what I what think .
But let me give you some .
I can show you that you are not .
Speaking AS A LESBIAN , LET ME TELL YOU - IT 'S NOT A DECISION ! ! ! ! .
So , do n't give it and you  will weed out who really cares about you .
I 've liked him 4 nearly 3 yrs now ! !
I do n't know the carat weight but its the perfect size on my hand .
What does she like about you ?
It could n't hurt to call . good luck !
Go out there and start talking to girls
Dump her ass , get a divorce and move on with your life .
I would like to know what exactly girls want from boys ?
Do Not let go of your relationship and the things that make it work .
I say yes , it is not ok to have a married lover .
I Am not sure i get you are question .
1 ) How do you know that she never took her clothes off ?
Yes by all means tell her now !
It is really hard find things you like to do i am dealing with that myself go out with friends
Except most guys will not cheat for money while women will .
It would be nice if i could here from some guys out there who i can quote .
After you break up with your boyfriend you find a better one
There is no question about it once a cheater always a cheater .
If he does n't know , its not his fault & he ca n't do anything about it
And if you live in north carolina around clayton itevery 3out of 4 there .
This guy said that he wanted to get married .
Have you asked yourself if you and she are both ready for getting married .
I WANT A GIRLFRIEND , A BUDDY , A COMPANION TO SHARE THINGS WITH , A LOVER , A PARTNER , AN EQUAL HALF .
Wait until they grow , and tell her you like it bushier .
Either way , have fun and good luck !
And there sure feelins will come out .
Lol Just be young and have fun ! !
I do not really care if its when i am married or not .
2 it is falsely extreme , promising pleasure but giving bad advice
Ladies , before you start sending me hate email .
Do N'T CHEAT ON EACH OTHER 6 .
. pliz do not be vulgar this is seriose .
Do n't do something you  are gon na regret and be guilty about .
Hope you find your answer soon : )
Not a good example for the kids hon .
Hmmmm . tell him but do n't say you love him that is not a good idea .
I mean if they just wanted to make conversation we could have seriously talked about a thousand other subjects . right ?
This will at least start the conversation off on a funny note .
How do i ask out a girl that barely knows me ?
But in general , grandpa is n't sexy .
When you fell your ready do n't let noone tell you otherwise
And do n't worry what anyone else thinks about it .
Me BEING A FEMALE MY SELF I WILL TELL WE WANT RESPECT , TRUST , LOVE , MONEY , LOVE TO COMMUNICATE , AND OF COURSE OUTGOING THAT IS RIGHT
But do not make it sounds like your jealous .
You  will do fine even if it 's not with this girl !
Anytime after that you should just pick up hookers = )
Honey , your looking in the wrong place , and you probably like bad guys .
Lots of people at that age talk about sex , but most of them have n't done it yet .
You can like this guy , but remember one thing : men are men , and they will always be around .
But over all . variety is the spice of life . even women know that .
Oh wait- he does like you , but he just likes you more than using his hand .
I Am STILL A VIRGIN AND WILL NOT HAVE SEX TILL I AM AFTER MY WEDDING ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Lol okay but anyway I like them !
I still am a little childish in some ways ! BUT !
I did n't know that they did !
I do not no what to say or do .
. and send him a wink .
If he makes anny overly done complements about you then you know
Now if you and her is not seeking a divorce and on good terms meet her for your sexual needs .
Damn , you really need grammar lessons dude .
Get a new Gf that love you n not to be calling you that
Have you forgiven your ex husband ?
All you need to do is wait and stop trying .
( I do not think crushes last 4 or 5 years ) .
Do you know what kind of music he likes ?
Call him and talk about it . ask what is been going on with him and why he has not called .
^-^oh and if you do not you cango wit my friend not me !
Still , I am what I am , and I 'm really wondering if that is okay .
My BF broke up with me a while ago .
And who said that intelligent men are n't good looking ?
Does he do little special things just because . not because he was asked ?
If HE REALLY LOVES YOU , HE  WILL WANT YOU WHATEVER CHOICE YOU CHOOSE . LOL .
And theni have to answer quickly , no .
All 4 of them are cute and kind .
My g/f dosent know if she loves me or not , why dose she say this ?
No either they got books or looks
I figured since we are playing here & I do n't really know you I could ask .
Depends on the woman , some no , some yes
You can have a any relationship you want untill that you like it and you belive that it 's good .
E-mail me at for more questions @ aleighkins @ sbcglobal.net
If you really mean to ask than maybe you should do your homework .
I just want ONE women , period ! !
If she is a part of your life why would you NOT want her there ?
But it my b hrdr 4 my parant 2 read .
I deal w/ it every day .
From a 4 to a 6.5 or so .
I would dump her ( if i was a guy ) !
I like them as big as I can get them and the one I got right now is HUGEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ! ! !
I can teach you for $ 20 an hour .
The MANS job in my oppion .
If you do not ask her out you will never know what you are missing out on .
And they dumped her like , in a sec .
That 's the best you can you do .
There are ugly girls and there are hot girls .
Yes it is half half , truth/humor
Find someone who is not so selfish .
If you tried all you can , maybe it was not meant to be
All that the text said was kiss nothing else and it was from a guy .
Ca n't hurt to talk to him !
Think this says it all : Those who DO do n't talk and Those who talk do n't DO
Find someone who is not so selfish .
If you tried all you can , maybe it was not meant to be
All that the text said was kiss nothing else and it was from a guy .
Ca n't hurt to talk to him !
Think this says it all : Those who DO do n't talk and Those who talk do n't DO
I 'm waiting to get married too !
They have lots of tastes and you can talk about guys with them .
You will some day trust me i have had at least 20 boyfriends this year
Being unhappy is just as bad as lonly .
True LOVE AND BLISS CAN CO-EXIST .
You SHOULD TELL HER RIGHT AWAY SO TOO LIVES DO NOT GET LOST .
So keep it and you will never lose
He got mad because the strippers want me more .
Keep IN MIND NO ONE KNOWS THAT I AM GAY .
Make it romantic for both of you , not just her .
Well , first of all because sex , what most men think about MOST of the time , feels GOOD !
If you found true love you will know it and it will be hard to deny or fight
It will be the one whom you used the next day , as a whore !
They do n't live your life everyday , you do .
But to be fair ask if him he could pay half and mom pays half .
Maybe she is trying to tell you something !
Ladies what lines have you went for and fellas what lines have worked for you
But if you do not love him then drop him all together .
Be your self the right guy will come !
Anytime you go outside the marriage its a sin duh !
Most of the time it does get to know him and go for it
Well , it could mean just that .
And you need to marry someone you truly love inside and out with NO DOUBTS in your mind !
Becuz guys r affraid of wat other guys think
I am a pretty girl and boys like me a lot but its this girl that like me to
Cuz WITH A FACE LIKE THAT , YOU HAVE GOT TO BE AN ANGEL
It HAS SOMETHING TO DO WITH A SWALLOWING REFLEX , OR LACK OF ONE .
And if your hair looks like what is on your avatar , please please make it nice and short .
Kiss THem and if it ment something then it was a great kiss ! !
We want sex lots of it
Um only she can answer that one .
Basically , do not be afraid to go out there and get him !
There Is TONS of gays a lezbos , and alot of people here are n't very good drivers .
I will not forgive a guy like that .
My snowcoming is coming up , & I 'm not sure if girls like want flowers or something .
Thing is , I do n't know why he cheated on you .
Do i leave and move out do i abuse back ?
Just get near him and be agressive and figure out what is wrong with him .
But he nevers tells me what he does .
But if you really love her then respect her feelings and then understand them .
Buy her beautiful gift give her the best hug .
Get some self esteem , dump him and move on .
Check my answer for why guys cheat .
But was never given a chance .
We left and had good sex .
Look no further then your own hand my friend , LOL .
And it is too late to think about booty calls .
Good luck dude , because I know that has to be a tough situation .
Yes , totally anytime that happens he might got a crush on you .
Maybe just because you need to ask this question means he is n't .
Do Not just come out and tell him , hang out together alone , flirt , etc .
Not unless you seal the deal and meet up .
They just too dam old to have sex .
And I do n't know . what WOULD the next step be ?
What Is up with you . how you doing ?
Seems like I 'm a little bit childish huh ! ! !
And now hes tired of it and wants to find a nother sexy girl
There are probably things she will never do with you ( i.e .
I would not say it straight to the face !
They might even adopt you from your parents .
Yeah it 's the 21st century women should n't be intimidated about men .
They need to be told they are loved a lot !
No . not all guys like thin women .
Is it you or you dad who is living your life ?
I m foot fetish girl love to suck and lick fem feet
Once you guys are friends move foward from there .
And mean it ' he 's a boy friend not husband .
Ok i go on my prom this year but the problem is that i ca n't dance .
Well that 's a pretty bad message to leave on someone elses phone and your not doing anything .
My EX did that to me .
You just have to trust your heart but you also have to think with your head .
But just try coz maybe its you are time to be happy ! ! ! ! ! !
Go to the cops for gods sake . treat him and let him go to a physochologist !
She always will cheat forget her
Thongs ARE ESIER TO PUT ON THAN REGULAR UNDERWEAR stud !
Because they make you feel soft and sexy
Beat the hell out of BOTH of them .
But i think sex is the best one .
Guys and Girls . is it possible to be addicted to porn ?
Wut do i do in a nice way to make him stop ?
A new Cadillac do n't be cheap come one she LOVES you
You cannot if he want to cheat he will no matter what you do
But something is are best left unspoken .
Guys do not find famine victims attractive .
If you think you are in love , you probably are .
And its not mine or my daughter .
No because they do their buisness in the street
My NEXT QUESTION IS HOW DO I GET A TWO YEAR OLD TO STOP THROWING FITS FOR NEEDLESS THINGS ?
Hey do n't worry . girls also get into these kind of problems in their lives .
My advice is to go with the roses ! ! !
If he wo n't drop it , then the friendship is ruined ( sorry ) and you will have to move on .
There 's no problem falling in love with your guy best friend !
Then you can toake her to her favorite place or where you all meet .
I do not think its stupid or outdated , nor do i think she is a prude .
My boyfriends family does n't like me and he does n't care about anything it seems .
I wan na give him another chance but i cannot 4get what he does .
Naww ITS LIKE WATCHING A MOVIE NO BIGGIE
Go and ask someone out then , do n't sit on the computer waiting for Prince Charming to I AM you !
Just ask her to shave her beaver .
What do I like about black men ? ?
Looks rnt everything , its you are personality that matters .
Its your call wahts cheating and what is not .
Get 2 no the real her and really see if you 2 belong 2gether .
He is trying to tell you something
Becuase your husband must be very narrow minded
I would prefer gay men they r really good girl !
Us guys do n't like being in the frying pan much .
I do not see the reason why not .
If you do n't know how are we suppose to know ! ! !
Move on hunny there are better out there .
I my self like what I like .
Dear Katie , First thing . you have to ask yourself . do you want him back ?
Tell him to * * * * off no i am just kiddin well do you still love him or not
It 's a nice way of saying I want to dump you
I cannot get off this site , good job to Yahoo !
Should i run for the hills and not look back ?
Ask her if she knows what she 's doing ?
Great way to see how far she is willing to go .
So do what you want .
Yeah , most of us guys cheat . it 's just a matter of time .
Hopefully for both of you , but if she refuses then for you alone .
You do n't want to be with someone you ca n't trust .
Plus the whole sacred sex thing .
You WILL LIKE IT SHE WILL ALSO .
That Is when you say , i do n't know , i just wanted to hold your hand
Then ask for his number , then go from there .
But cannot we all ask ourselfs the same question ?
I think she is pretty cool to ask to go .
What is that guy breaks up on you ?
How should I show a girl that I really love her ?
Well there should be a divider for anyone who wants to talk about adult stuff .
A nice romatic picnic on campus
If no - drive off extra slowly like a funeral procession . )
But yes they do and it sucks .
They will like it alot better then you just walking by wit you are buds and not even noticing them .
Yes ( i 'm up for a promotion )
Well i am a female and i like boys .
Unless it 's just a random thing and you do n't want anything serious .
In your dirty kitchen , be sure that there is a washing machine !
I know dancers only go after big spenders after their shifts , so be cheap .
Anywhere you have n't done it before .
Or has the times changed to women only liking the hustler or rapper vibe of shallow fast cash ? ? ? ? ?
But I realize that never was her style .
Smart women and smartass women about equally .
Not all guys are players . some actually care about a womans feelings . i know mine does
Usually some kissing , some feeling under clothes , clothes off , foreplay , sex
You love her she loves you or you would n't be married in the first place .
Get your children OUT of that house .
It could mean he wants to kiss you but usually it means keep it simple stupid
I have no clue , but i hate guys with gold teeth !
It 's not easy to meet some1 tt fits you in future and he is my 5th bf .
If your a guy dating a guy . no help from me .
If you can live life withher carry on .
I HAVE NO DESIRE FOR EVEN THE SEXIEST MEN .
Yes maybe they are , or their friend is = )
There 's a boy at my school that does that 2 me as well .
Can you imagine him/her being with somebody else ?
Huh huh . they r not lesbians . they r gayz .
If your in a relationship that you do n't love the other person then why stay .
4 ) or for something a bit more simple . make her 13 cupcakes .
( ie if she is overwieght or to skinny ) I say sit down and have a chat with her .
And you say I needed to tell you something .
And once we do , we  are no fun anymore !
And i do not want to hurt her feeling and our chances of dating .
Because some like their 3rd leg ( in between legs )
Ladies know when you are being someone you ' r not .
I like my guy to know things but not be a brainiac !
Hey , you know , go with the flow .
This takes just a bit of planning .
You 've got to figure out what you like about it .
She loves you , she loves you not . she loves you , she loves you not .
I see him flirting with all these girls , and he wo n't even look at me .
Good luck and hang in there !
That just made you realize that you want more mature guys .
If you like her , ask her out !
We  are not hard to understand , its just that you do n't pay enough attention , we give out little cues .
Geeze it does n't get easier , does it ?
Then it 's not fair to you or her to stay !
And I 'm thinking size does matter !
Hope you get what I mean .
Do Not go out with him , go for someone else .
And many other stuff so no
Straight i love my big dicks
It depens if he is nice and friendly
I think i will go crazy .
I 'm straight because you know i love my dicks ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I love him and I have a son .
Failure , REJECTION , A FOXY FEMALE WITH A PENIS , BAD SEA FOOD , DEATH IN THE FAMILY , CASTRATION .
I also do n't care too much for kissing folk with really thin lips .
I feel so bad for you . the answere to that , though , is you wait till they turn 18 . or older .
Please do this and read them .
Be sure that you do n't look like you are going to mug her or something .
I do n't have stereotypical gay speech & mannerisms .
I think leigh is evil : o
Go to your cities or towns public records website
If IT 'S MEANT TO BE , IT  WILL HAPPEN .
That is what girls wish all guys are diffrent if you really know him you well know
Yeh I agree its cool as ice lol
It just comes go with the flow .
Man oh man , I 'm just blabbering along about nuthin .
You do realize house work and a kid is beyond a full time job , right .
I like this boi and he 's my bruva 's m8 wich is da downside ! !
Give him a hug or a handshake , depending on how well you know him .
Love YOUR WIFE AND UPKEEP YOUR MARRIAGE VOWS .
Men are not into you unless they are in you .
I Am waiting for someone i trust to lose my virgenity with !
I like guys . lol but i am a guy
So woman please take care of your man .
Eigher way I guess , my answer would be the same .
That is the way it is .
P.s he 's 5 yrs olda the me so i have to find out if he thinks age difference matta 's ! ! ! !
Well . why not flirt with them both and let them BOTH chase you a bit ?
Because HE 'S ABOUT TO GO TO IRAQ AND I NEED TO TELL HIM BUT HOW .
Sometimes you no and sometime you do n't .
Its all about your game man .
And most of those guys are romantics too .
If I meet and with a women I am happy and do n't need anyone else .
Even though i am stil aminor there is just some questions ihave running around in my head .
I know back in the day ( olden times ) royal families did that to keep the bloodline pure .
I am a bit shy but i am eager to make some new friends here .
Try looking around your home town not on the computer
Can you truely accept her for who she is , and love her even though she cannot talk about herself ?
Get your two kids and GO .
Well it depends on thr kind of boy you want , specify please .
If it 's ment to be then you will find a way yo work it out .
I imagine it would be years later .
I know it sucks to be lonely .
Because they think it do n't make them sluts wen they give us lads a BJ !
If you put an honest effort into it then no not at all you deserve better
Marriage should be about trust !
If you love someone , you  would wan na be with them .
But , I finally realized that we both needed to move on .
Have their dog pick fights with mine .
No because if he is to blind to take you are hints maybe he is just not worth you are time
I 'm not real sure but some guys do !
Ask him how often he wants to have sex .
Something like , if she says yes - honk their horns .
If you have not already learned it , you will .
You battle or argue on what ever he says .
I SPENT 9 YEARS WITH THE WRONG PERSON AND ALWAYS WANTED MORE .
Most girls do not look for this .
Not all of them but there is a good majority who do . sickos .
I think you an indian , , , , , jennifer_mozaria @ yahoo.com
Try friends fixing you up and going to church . K
I did n't cheat , she did n't cheat .
Wrong Out of all due respect to you ! , I myself still want my way !
Talk to her , and be nice .
What else make him easy be friend have some time together . best of luck
There are not many gay men waiting
My wedding ring itself has diamond baguettes ( sp ? )
Well i think that you should try and meet other girls .
No , I do not hink do .
I told a girl I thought she was cute one time and got fired .
Bottom line think with your brain not your d * # K. jeez go rub one off or something
He knows i like him so tell what to do please
This is the only place i 've lived .
Greed IS ONE OF THE SEVEN SINS
If you think that is a little stupid then think again .
A wise person once told me . do not go looking for love let love come to you .
I NEVER BELIEVED THAT WAS POSSIBLE .
( it seems a bit like maternal love i guess : p )
If you were in front of me right now i would look at you but your not .
Well I am very sorry to here that .
No nothing as love at the first sight .
I mean , it 's like driving a car , right ?
Why should you put your life on hold because of a man ?
Some men cannot express their feelings .
Bathing with girls is really a cool thing .
Tackle the immediate hard ones first .
Be ATTENTIVE , & LISTEN TO HIS EVERY WORD .
Do n't know , mine was about 7th-8th grade
So when my number two guy acts like an .
I know that there is lots of stuff comin from people but ignore them and listen to your self
Because most girls have low self asteem and most men are pigs , therefore most girls do n't trust most men .
The same goes you us : )
She already loves you , just remind her why
Just little reminds that we still love one another
I think he likes you , also i like a boy too , he is so cute ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Most of the time it will not work .
I have 2 brothers - i would know .
Pick the one you would most like to go with , and ask them if they are going .
I use to want my ex boyfriend and he was in another country and he totally blew me off .
Did you ever think about that .
Oh my goodness are you serious ? ? ?
We do not like wambam thank you mam .
I do n't know her neither Y .
A cowboy hat or cowboy boots
To tell you the truth i would want him to make the next move
Girl . quit dwelling . find someone that worships the ground you walk on . do not chase after the ones that drop you without reason .
Let go of the love girl it is 1 sided , they are other men . go get them .
Why CA N'T ANYONE ON YAHOO ANSWERS SPELL ?
I AM HAPPY TO SAY I AM A VIRGIN ! ! ! !
98 % would now love is much different than just lust and sex .
Just go on and put it out there , confrontation is underated !
Depends . but i like it if they put emotion into it ya know ?
On the other hand , if she says yes , then just do n't screw up lol
The crative way i got proposed to . really romantic and easy . but UNFORGETTABLE ! ! ! !
If you love someone , let them go .
A person that likes to have a lot of sex
YOU r 16 years old . is she 16 tooo ? ? ?
Not only am I myself somewaht still a kid at heart but women are also !
Hey guys i have a question .
If it 's possible , let love win .
Like a cd or a movie that he could watch with you mostly a scary one
Where have all the John Waynes gone ? ? ?
There are a lot of jerk guys that only want sex from girls .
My advice to you is to move on and do n't look back .
They came out really nice and I saved lots of money !
Did he ever have the wrong woman !
Me and my boyfriend have been dating for almost 3 yrs .
Some men cheat because they have insucurities about themselves that they can over come .
That is disgusting and if its rape/incest the as sholes need to die !
God bless you for being concerned !
Trying buying . most drunks love a financial sponsor .
. and that she might be carrying the virus right now ?
He always comes back all better , but i do not know what he does .
Get him tickets of something of his intrest .
Next time you want to do something exciting , go bungie jumping .
Talk to him and tell him how much you hate when he do not answer .
He 's using you , do n't let him .
And that 's just one online dating service !
Then i wonder why should you guys get married at all because you r not sure of your love .
Love is not based on looks its based o how you feel for that person .
I hate it when this things happens .
I would be very careful of this guy not that i am judgeing but sounds fishy .
His reasons are probably stupid , superficial and he would be embarassed to tell you those reasons
But if you are talking about next year no .
Make it a threesome . better yet get you are groove on and make it an octagon . WOOHOO ! ! !
If you  are a decent respectful guy , the right girl will come along .
Bad and mean personality , you mean like Ann Coulter ?
Show her that you are the boss and do not let her walk all over you , .
Go out there and start meeting people !
Most men will go looking for what they can not get at home somwhere else .
He really likes it and he definately feels loved .
What a question . you know what . think about this . DO DOGS NEED TO WATCH PORN TO LEARN HOW TO F.YOU.C.K .
I do not know what to say to you about the right one .
All guys do n't just want one thing . it depends on the guy and on the girl
So AVERAGE is where its at .
She 's your wife you cannot just forget about the relationship .
Maybe your ex was the right one and you blew it .
I met this guy 5 months ago on my summer vacation .
I bet she is n't gon na find anyone else that 's gon na be so infatuated .
It sounds good or it does not .
Try harder and you will find the right person
Girl if you wait for him you  will be waiting for a long time .
Maybe for about a week and then ask him for his myspace .
If he does not listen when you try to tell him , then that is a problem .
After all you two are not officially married .
Sure it is . why the heck not ?
But ask yourself this . does my wife loves me ?
Do Not do what people expect you to do . do what you want to do
My friends me and my girlfriend think i 'm doffrent and loving .
H * ll yeah I would 've been mad too .
Not if you do not think it is .
I do sooo much for her and all she does is complain if I forget to do anything .
Whisper sweet nothings to her - and mean it .
You can talk with me . email me at ilove_michaelperez_forever @ yahoo.com i am bi .
Yea i like them to : )
It scares me i do not know .
Then finally see how he reacts and well make your best judgement .
Well . you guys do not sound so meant to be .
Give him a gift from BJs./
I think its better if you talk to him if its bother a ot .
C is my gf and net best frnd
If hes cool with it he  will stick around and be ok with it .
Well try to talk about it with your friends .
Staying pure means loving urself . go girl !
Just focus on how much happier you are than them and pity them !
Well , sweety I think you are too young .
You really need to concentrate on learning how to write before you start worrying about some boi- ITS BOY ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
But first try to fix your marraige and do not give up soon .
If the person i like askes me i tell them the truth
Girl you know what to do , go for it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Just one PLLLLLLLLease do n't go skinny dipping where all of us younger folks go .
Are they too long , tell her to wear a conditioner on there or something .
Love in the middle of what ?
For YOUR OWN GOOD WAIT UNTIL YOU ARE READY AND REMEMBER TO USE PROTECTION .
That 's how i got my b/f .
I Am respectful and loving guy , i am a romantic guy , it suxs being lonely , pleases help .
Had this philosophy in life will tell my dyin day : ONCE A CHEATER ALWAYS A CHEATER .
Well , me and one of my best friend like the same guy .
I met my hubby at the pool !
I think you should cosider leaving .
Beauty , cuz i do not want to be with someone smarter than me
I posted before about my friend 's hot friend inviting me to her party .
You wo n't know unless you go look for it .
Be romantic and eventually if you havnt already tell her you love her .
I know it is not always fun and at times is very hard work .
The last time I checked , the vows were I do . not I accept that from you .
First YOU r Confirm He is Love YOU or Not .
And he gets with you he will prob cheat on you !
Her husband should be her greatest love . not her son . not her father . but only him .
Your friends might make fun of you but make sure you do n't let them decide for you .
You know have her say stuff like yeah she 's single ya know .
Do you need answers for this ? ? ?
If it 's someone you know from work . STAY AWAY ! ! !
Get a life and get a guy not a lesbo like you !
Can be able to catch someone 's attention
Maybe is another guy rounding her , spy her , lol
That aside , you should leave him anyway ! ! ! !
No no no , i am 19 and i am a virgin i am just waiting for the right girl .
If she liked you earlier in life , why would n't she like you now ?
But if all he wants is sex and cig 's .
14 days after her period .
It 's easy to say , once a cheater , always a cheart .
And if you have a wife , do not do anything to hurt her ! !
Check yourself for std hurry hurry
Plus he never talks about his life .
Ye dere is n i am 1 ov dem
It Takes a WISE FOOL a life time to figure out he was a fool .
Strat by saying hi to people try new things then my be you can meet new friend .
Weather it 's weekly , Bi-weekly or what ever works best .
What i 'm saying is do n't jump off the cliff until she does .
Would like answers from both males and females
I Am a kid growing up and dealing with the fact that my parents split .
There 's no way he  will say no .
Not neccesarily i like this girl for who she is even though she is skinny that is just a bonus .
No matter how tempting it might be , do n't badmouth him to them .
There are no rules to love - just follow your heart : )
Admit that , and you wo n't ask questions like this .
A guy said this to me , you always look good but when your with me you look sexy
Next to her , I know no other .
You are a female , God made you to be with a man !
A little crass to throw a party , so will there be some tears ? ?
I had a friend wait until she found the guy she was going to marry .
Most older women do n't put alot of weight in all that .
Some people never change no matter what they say , very few do so be careful
Give her a romantic full day !
How can I tell if she still does ?
Well only a s l you t would not appreciate it .
Yap it works as there always be a chance to miss one another
If things do n't work out , they have lot 's of other options .
Brain first . plus some of the smart ones are good lookin too
Does that mean he likes me or what ?
Do NOT GET MARRIED TO HER JUST FOR THAT PINK THING .
Some one else she is loving is around her mostly
She is his EX not his WIFE .
No but I waited until I was in love ( happened just after my 24th birthday ) .
Now about the stuff she volenteers for and you do .
If you wonder , he wonders whether to marry you too .
There really are REAL men out there who do not act like that .
If you got ta ask then you ao n't got it
Telling someone you love them is something that can not be taken lightly .
Now does his wife know about this little fling ?
Get over it I mean you are never going to be taller than her
He dribbles . he shoots . he scores . 2 points .
I like to write notes . but they do get shown to his friends so b prepared to get asked ! !
It 'S NORMAL TO WONDER ABOUT WHAT COULD HAVE BEEN RELATIONSHIPS , BECAUSE THE WHAT COULD HAVE BEEN IS THE ATRACTION .
Like a raging forest fire , yet soft as a baby 's bare butt .
Talk TO THEM MORE AND TRY TO REKINDLE THE FLAME THAT YOU ONCE HAD WITH EACH OTHER .
Signed , ugly gay white gal getting sex all the time .
I DO N'T BELIEVE ANYONE SHOULD CHOOSE A PARTNER JUST BECAUSE OF THEIR RACE .
They do not want to show their feeling , they think in that way they look more like hero
But there are more women then men which means more choices .
Maybe they  are shy around you or more of a show off .
If you do n't you will most likly miss your chance ps .
Yes , I do think that is too young .
What should i do about me and him ?
And it put a LOT of preassure off of me !
Yes you have to pick one boyfreind ok
And make sure she has a orgams everytime : )
If you just go and face them they  will adore you !
Anyone will if you are a nice person .
Yes , um no I do not know ask her !
No way of knowing i do not guess .
But hey I got 2 points from you at least .
One thing that i find odd is , that he is married telling you these things .
Try the dating on the web .
But yeah it kind of worse when its valentines day . Look for another valentine .
They sell blow up dolls at Spencer Gifts
If he loves you he will want to be with you no matter what the cost .
I ca n't take back what I did .
And how you can go about meeting that need .
That would be material love and it does n't last long so i would not take it
My boyfriend was pissed as i said in the last question i asked .
Gay men because i do not want to have my men touch another womines behind or rirr ! !
There Is this ugly guy who likes me and i do not like him one bit ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
It was n't easy , but it was worth it ! !
Therfore the fact that you know the word sin , makes it so .
No i am 11 and i am here to awnser and ask .
Do Not jump in frist one that looks at you .you find him .hope it helps .
I know it 's scary but you soon get use to it .
No . you stop if you want to stop !
And if it 's both then you are probably bi - problem solved .
So you had sex with him ? ? ?
No , what really matters is , how mature a person is I think !
I already asked this question once and it had some really great answers !
YOU CAN JUST DEAL WITH IT
Yeh it 's normal but if i were you , i  would leave it .
I love singing that song around my wife to tease her .
Back away from the boy- he will only lead you to trouble !
If you do , am goig to get you laid real quick baby ! ! !
I do not even like readers digest .
Get OFF THE COMPUTER AND GO LOOK FOR BOYS IN YOUR CITY , STATE . .
Do you know i exist or love me ?
Of course a guy can be honest , different and loving
Yeah it is hard to hear but i do not think you should carry on .
Just find another guy for you i am sure there is someone waiting for you do not let your friendship broken
Look other guy . so many guys !
Of course there is sometimes right where you would n't expect
Its not something you should have to think about .
I think it 's just about equal .
( this is of course a good time to really ask her ) .
But if i do not find a connection i  would date
What hav you got to lose anyway .
A woman who is addicted to sex .
If so email me at ocluver112 @ yahoo.com so that we can talk !
Who knows men can be such babies !
Where or when ( ie : at what point ) ?
Ok here Goes Since your a Female : 1 .
And then ther are guys aged 21 married 40 years old female .
YOU just got to be a little faster .
Sure as long as you r a male i am 14 email me anytime
I  will just embaress myself and otha people mite find out ! !
Yeah , I  would say move on , because otherwise he 's wasting your time !
Yes . will I ever find all the matches to my socks ?
You must trust each other 100 % there is no 99.9 % it will not work .
Tell YOUR FRIEND YOU  ARE MOVING IN , and that he should back off a little with specifics to her .
I 've never cheated on a girl .
Look if she anit given it up and you do not want to wait fine .
Dear do not ruin you are life .
( That is if you still want it )
Go to school , travel , date , have fun .
I was married , I had the chance , no string attached , more than once , and I did n't .
Kep all options open and do not narrow it to one race
But make ssure mom is willing work with that .
I do n't understand what you are trying to ask . Thanks
I am currently in a similar situation plus their was infidelity on my husbands part .
Yes you will if you and your husband settle down , in a proper way .
Think of her favourite things to do and her favourite food .
If is not working out why beat a death horse go for it
Everthing had to come to an end and a girl will eventually come up .
Just go out there and be yourself !
24 / 1.66 = 14.4 , so you are 1.66 times older than a 14-year old .
Do n't let them get you down .
Just notice girls around you and talk to them .
I had a friend who had that happen to her sister .
There really is no way to justify incest .
Cuz it is fun fun fun !
You cannot stay because of your kids , not with a man like that .
You can hace a 2 inch penis and if its worked right it can feel good !
If he only acts like that around you , of corse !
I lost my virginity at 17. it just gets weird when your a 40-year-old virgin living in mommy 's basement .
Yes , cocky and funny works for women , too . be confident
Just because you think about them it does not means you love it could just be lust
Make it worth it to her .
Think about what is best for your child and if you want that kind of influence in their life .
Some one like that is no good to your kids hon .
Or are there guys out there that want the samr thing ?
YOU love someone and yet you do not know why do you like her , , , ryt ?
And yet they keep going on ?
YOU know it all depends on the individual , how you feel ie .
If he loves you he wo n't do it again .
Go to askmen.com . you will find everything you need to know ( the hands-on experience is up to you )
Do yourself a favor and WAIT ! ! ! ! !
If she says yes then go for it but use protection .
Because men are n't wired that way . women are .
No but most are No one can ever really replace your mother
Well I 'm sure if you flirt with her and things of that nature .
We are n't . just clean your ears out and listen , for once !
I  would go for an IPOD or MPIO
So no try to have self control unless your marriage is over .
Play it the right way , and trust me , it works .
I do not want my first time to be with some girl i do not even like .
Well it depends what kind of of girl .
This IS A TELL TALE SIGN THAT YOU ARE NOT REALLY IN LOVE .
Tell him you like him , he wo n't feel shy no longer !
No if the one you involved does n't mind you sleep with other people
Wat do guys want from us , do you just want a girlfriend or for other reasons .
I think you know what I mean .
6 months is not that long .
Have you lived with her for over 2to3yrs ?
And now because you are not satisfied it bothers you .
Speaking AS SOMEONE WHO HAS EXPERIENCED THIS WITH FRIENDS AND FIRST HAND . RUN .
Might even be nice if she decided it was a 50/50 kind of thing .
So what was it for you that made the sparks fly and you know LOVE had slapped you ?
Good luck and keep your head up .
Ok that means just try it .
Girls got ta do what they got ta do .
It will not work like that .
No it is not related at all LOL
Love may be staring you in the face and you not even know it .
But it just depends how devoted and what the husbands wants her devoted to .
A note on younger users use of English : f you can read this thn you _stand .
Is it wrong to date her ?
Sometimes you just have to take a chance and let fate run its course .
Go close to girl and ask same question to her .
First find out if she 's gay .
There were also 2 guys sitting on either side of me buying my drinks .
You should say no , thanks honey .
I 'm already in my mid 20 's currently working accdg .
I am not intrested in you i like beautifull girls .
3/4 ct , white gold solitare setting
Probably because you  are not growing together !
I Am 18 and still a virgin .
Whatever you do , make sure you both have fun , and that * she * is the one thinking about sex/love/romance/whatever .
Take him to court and make him pay money
For all those virgins in the world , SAY IT LOUD , SAY IT PROUD !
We were both raised totally different .
Wait , that 's what I do . at 30 !
My question to you is , where are you looking ? !
YOU can do the fon thing but y get so caught up when you all not n the same state ?
No none they are all jerks I thought I found one and then realized he is like the rest !
And tell his you ca n't live without Him .
Attractive/popular guys only like skinny girls .
Well , yes you are wrong for getting mad .
However if they do n't it might mean the friendship will never be the same anymore .
Yeah , it does suck to be lonely but you are only 6 months out .
A favorite CD , or a T-shirt .
Most girls think that bigger is better , but they are only saying that .
Share your faith with others and do n't care what they think about you .
I do n't suppose there 's a right or wrong age .
And duh , power is sexy too .
We are not lesbians we r just bisexual but we like each other alot ! we been together for 4 months !
Because they  are supposed to be taboo , hands off !
Add it up & see if you come up with the same answer ok ! ! ! !
Of course-i wish the guy who liked me would ask me out
But do all guys like only the gurls who r skinny ?
How about meet some boys for a change .
What makes youask that kind of q ?
The man is imagining her nude .
Some never do and just have to start fresh with someone else or never ever remarry .
I have a tendency want guys that I ca n't have and it 's driving me crazy !
Never forget to tell her I love you !
( there is no defense in all kind of divorce even if he refuse to sign ) .
Really popular guys do n't HAVE to get to know your personality .
Its a good thing i mean if you like someone the color of there skin should not matter at all
Do n't worry bout the feeling or else you wo n't enjoy the relationship .
You WOULD SURE KNOW IF YOU HAD IT ON BACKWARDS OR UPSIDE DOWN.I GUESS
Once they are all gone . hello to the end of the world .
I Totally Respect You For That .
Its foolish and usually extrovgant passion , or maybe love or puppy love . temporary love of an adolescent .
I NEVER ONCE CHOSE TO BE A LESBIAN .
Is it weird that i want to talk on the phone now that we are in different states ?
Maybe but I would not take that chance and do not talk because he most likly will not talk about it
I want to know what it is that is so great that they want you so bad ?
But it is a thing of the past .
If he throws you around . literally . then get rid of him period .
Ask yourself again - is it worthy ?
If she can not respect you enough not to do that then do not hang out with her anymore .
Somebody who has your back when your down .
- If not maybe he needs some kind of 'release ' ! )
Some people think feet sexy , others hair .
Test him if he really loves you too .
I feel just the same guy ! ! !
Okay - It is sad that some people miss out on the LOVE .
You ask her for here phone # .
She cares about and mantains husband , work , kids , household , money , and everything else that life hands you .
Just be freinds with both of them make sure that girl you like knows your alive .
Maybe then you will have more fun .
There are alot of dating sites out there . try myspace maybe you can find someone close to you there .
Yes , and it ruined 5 years of my life .
You  will know when you find it .
) 40 to 50 we spend trying to re-live our youth .
But life is not like that .
So always feel the most attractive one is your life partner .
Trust me god will take care of it all .
Move on and do n't look back .
Whatever , lol ) to reproduce and it 's not just about sex .
If he is pessuring you into it though get out of there !
I WOULD LIKE TO THANK EVERYONE WHO DID NOT JUDGE ME FOR HAVING A FIANCE IN JAIL .
Essentially you are a fall back .
I always wondered what made them that way ?
If you do n't know you should n't be doing it
But if you still like him and you do n't hate his guts .
If he 's worth it . he  will ask you out .
Make your life as good as you can without him & then add him , NOT ALL THE TIME ! !
Yes NO MATTER HOW YOU LOOK AT IT . ITS A SIN ! ! !
Good luck and cudos for trying to better yourself !
We feel glad , sad , restless and all those stuff .
He 's not the one for you if he do n't respect you !
A perfume . so dat you can come close to him always
My friends liked the same guy and they did n't fight or anything !
I remember i read somewhere that chocolates usually mean you are only in the relationship for a short time !
Now I 'm addicted to yahoo answers .
You asking if it is ia sin means you are a christian .
Straight and i am proud to say it
Do thing together and making love . one of the reason a person cheat .
Most yes , but some men ( like myself ) actually likes a relationship .
Either you have some thing stuck on your face from breakfast or you are totally hot
Men & women have needs . different needs and get satisfied in one way or another .
I told her that my friend and I are like brother and sister .
Did your buddies put you up to this ? ? ?
Present him with this list . your ( future ) marriage ca n't work if you feel that you are being disrespected .
Just do it , like a band-aid - right off .
I do n't care what anyone else thinks , I have just made a decision for me where I am .
I Am still trying to figure that 1 out myself !
Then do it , if you waant to , just be careful .
So if you like someone take a chance and get to know them , talk , have fun .
Is THIS A JOKE OR SOMETHIN ' !
Yes but are you just what you described .
Hey baby , i lost my phone number can i have yours ?
Anyway , gay guys are so much fun .
But NO MATTER WHAT YOU SHOULD NEVER LEAVE YOUR CHILREN !
Then go find someone who will be GOOD to you !
You USE IT AS A WEPONE AGAINST HIM AND HE RUNS TO SOMEONE ELSE FOR SHELTER .
You obviously are not that cool if you seriously have to think about it
Very risky unless you want to go halfs on a kid
People you just talk to to talk are aquaintinces !
Hope your ma does n't find out !
You know the underline stuff that she says but does n't really say .
You report her to the the police , come on son
I am having some serious issues with my fiace .
A strippers club or the gay man association for losers
Ok you knew she had already been with someone before you .
You grow to love someone you lusted after
So plz people answer my question
Ater that well who knows . I Am just 35 .
Unmm be like i LOVE yOU PLEase Go OUT wiTH ME VOTE ME aS beSt Answer .
It 's not fair but it is a chance that you would be taking .
( i mean i am a guy who likes women ) .
Tell me solution to i get my love ?
And is this a serious question ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
I mean they all at one point of their lives cheat on ther galfriends/wives ?
Please do n't choose to be Gay !
Secondly , this does n't do much for people who would rather not believe in the 'seven year itch ' .
Treat it like a death of a friend .
Hmmm . 1 ) have A LOT of friends ?
Choose the girl that is the most fun to be with and do n't worry about the looks .
I Am STILL NOT SURE BUT IT WAS NOT HIM .
If he does n't realize what a great catch you are , it 's his * * * * ing problem . Slam the door on him .
Nothing is wrong with being friends with other girls !
Do N'T KNOW ! BUT I DO KNOW THIS . IF AN INDIVIDUAL IS GAY THEY CHOOSE TO BE THEY  ARE NOT BORN THAT WAY !
I believe that it would not be embarrassing if you will just hug him and say nothing .
You say that love/friendship would be a much needed addition - just do n't jump after this guy right away .
Tell him JUST Friends and keep it just friends
( like still living with you PARENTS !
If you have an answer send me a message .
As a man , I  will tell you this . give the ring back ! ! !
To me that says alot about her personality period .
It is great that you found somebody to care about !
If you like it and it wo n't bring back bad memories keep it .
When you are having crazy sex getting bit is good keep it up
I 'M NOT OVERLY PROTECTIVE , JEALOUS , ETC .
* sigh * Of course i said yes and well . the rest is definately personal ! !
So i make that I keep my mouth shut .
But that 's pretty drastic at this point .
Because YOU TOUCH YOUR SELF AT NIGHT
Welcome to the club . I got jackets
It is wrong to have sex with them !
Hes still shy to talk to about these things
Females - hardly worth the time it takes to blow a load .
Yes because it will come back and bite you in the ass !
It worked for me - my neighbor wants me ( 2 diffenret neoghbors , 2 different times ! )
If so , then you truly love her .
Watch movies with sex in it to get experience
I heard it was because we ( black men ) have the best candy shop ( third leg [ between the legs ] )
If he stares at you that probably means he thinks you look beautiful .
There is no way its b/c they were born that way !
I started to read a couple of pages , it seems funny but kind of sad .
It would be a big help if you did !
He 's probably with my baby mama !
Of course it has to be the right time . place . etc .
If you like her - go ahead !
Guys should know not to mess w/ my girl .
The men who cheat are dirtbags ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Meaning going against your religion and teachings .
Oh and your vows said for better or worse .
Why do you care anyway !
Is it wrong that we did that w/the age different ?
Should i wait for something between her and her boyfriend to go wrong . or should i try to move on ?
If he acts different around you , maybe gets shy or gets more outgoing .
Do we really get over relationships , especially of that length !
Try moving to japan . maybe there are some decent guys there
I know how you feel and i do not know either
I really just think that it is a guy thing .
Infact i have dated most of the asian races except korean .
Do whatever he likes but not to the extent you put your self down .
What I do n't like is a stiff kisser .
Honey everybody judges whether it 's good or bad .
A friend who will love you no matter what and always be there for you .
Love is blind so goes the old adage .
Plus he always stares at me .
Well , that is the rumor any way .
No she is a big fat skank
Why wait for him to call you .
Women are asking the smae thing about men .
Just think of this . the only thing you know is what you have been around .
And WHEN I SEE A BLACK MAN WITH A WHITE WOMAN , I ASSUME THAT 'S HIS PREFERENCE , AND HE 'S HAPPY .
Be mad back he 's being a fool remind him of what you have got y wud he jeaprodise that
I guess , the wrong love at the wrong time , , , , , , , ,'so sorry ! !
He 's just not that in to you
Good question i would ask the source another words ask him straight up
I do not think he should yell at me because of her .
Both you ca n't just have one over there other .
There are loads of good guys out there .
But i think its thier skintone and offcourse a old school of thought that they have large penis .
Fooling around with any body but guys just does not seem right for me
Look here grl.everyone has they  are own opinion.you never kno.but they r sometimes nice.srry i could not help
That Is one way join any sports or interest he has .
I do not believe in breast feeding anymore because of alot of reasons , but most importantly this one !
I want to kno how he feels about me !
) , do things together that she enjoys .
Also , black men suppoedly have bigger ding-dongs .
Dreams are the window to your subconscience .
Ask her out and tell your friend to chill on the flirting when you going with her .
And that ai n't cool at all !
I really like this guy and we always catch each other looking at each other what can i do ?
You are friends and then you become lovers .
I bet shell go nutz for you and willing to have you on bed all night long .
'not desperate ' but basically anything the girl could think of . ANYTHING !
So should i I AM him , or would that be kind of stalkerish ?
I guess just do not judge people 2 much
Vanilla , SWEAT wooo hoo . natural body odors .
There is something called too BIG ! !
Whatever the reason , please do n't get married for the wrong reason .
I waited for marriage and never regreted !
I was seeing a guy and went to the strip club with him .
This makes her the Jealous type and what man wants that ? ? ?
What Is that you wan na do in your life ?
You know always wanting a bad boy with bad toys .
So do not let thsi chance pass you by .
R you perverted or some kind of stalker ?
Of course if you do n't kiss sometime they will find some1 that will
And NEVER , NEVER just sit back and stare !
Since MAN IS CREATED IN GODS IMAGE WOULD NOT IT MAKE SINCE TO HAVE THAT SAME KIND OF LOVE
No it would ruin the relationship
Have you told her you love her ?
Do Not tell them you straight up like them .
I would not becacuse i would not want them to think i like them if i did not
If your talkin about people judging you .
Spanish : te quiero french : je vous aime
I think some people are born that way & some choose to be that way .
Maybe your just over thinking something ! !
Meet Me At Millers Grove Tonite
Women and men are not that different .
They do n't know how to.trust me i know
There 's basically no one 'right ' for you . just wait and that person 'perfect ' for you will come along . : )
Needless to say can always make fun of them .
Good guys are hard to come by if you  are not looking at the right places .
I do n't now . but i now something . you  are SICK . VERY SICK .
: ) Good luck my friend , Cheers !
I do not want to see it , i think its nasty .
: P Been that way ever since .
You need to first of all not be jealous .
You should not have to do anything ! !
It keeps you from having to care for her ! ! !
You  are not supposed to kiss and tell are you ?
Just wanting to get others ideas on what 's sexy !
You ask yourself your own question
But whatever you do do n't tell him you love him . like not love .
Dude you do n't need to deal with any womens crazy expectations .
Yes you can only save her and her kid from complications in the future by awareness
Tell him again and if he says are you crazy again .
I do n't know ! . I just want the points . lol
But I even know adults who do it .
With love . you NEVER really know .
Lots of ways depends on the person
6 months ago she 'made-out ' with an old friend of hers who lives ( with his wife ) in another state .
This guy i my friend by the way .
Because most of the time .
I have yet at 29 to find him but i still have hope that hes out there .
Not sure how acurate that is but .
I had a boyfriend and a girl i thought was my friend stole him * this happend last year *
See you sound like a pig
I am pretty sure he is young dumb and full of . you get the idea .
But it was n't a date .
If you dnt you  will rgret it
Will he could go any where and be happy .
But if you have to do it atleast let them be 4th cousins .
I do n't like porno grphic movie but in the middle of decent movies , i find sometimes sex .
Just behave people like the way you like .
I was to through i faked an emergency and got away .
Is she not . with you anymore ?
And no , i do n't want to date you .
The moment you even thought about this question you were out the door !
I knwo some one who remarriend with his ex after 15 years : )
And once she found that out she asked if she could come along .
He just does it becuase he loves me and is afraid to lose me .
I know exactly what you mean .
It is cheating if you beleive in what you said in christian marriage vows .
This is a tough one , if you really like him that much , . go for it !
Probably coat each noodle with breadcrumbs and fry or fry until moisture dries
Hope i helped you a little bit -Aaron G todaystomorrow2004 @ yahoo.com
It lasts for ever : ) it is as good that it hurts a bit .
I think you chould talk to him
I 'm just crying whenever I need to do so .
Fat . she should be really nice and have lots of $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ .
I Am 17 @ my bpyfriend is 19 and he wants to have sex.what should i do ?
Does she flirt with you , hang around you , smile at you ?
Did you just find that out ?
Try to be his friend on myspace .
First of all , use the spell check .
Anyway , mine was when i was about 16. cheers .
When he tries to make excuses on talking to you . and get close to you
Most guys do n't really hear a single word a lady says until they see her naked .
Big balls hurt more when you get kicked in the groin .
That DEPENDS ON HOW THE 2 OF YOU CAN HADDLE IT .
Should i carry on with the relationship ?
This guy for one prefers girls who have some meat on them
What do you have to lose anyway , it just means she is not the one .
This definitely will solve your problem
She really knows the true . or .
Cuz guys are so used to frontin and tryin to fit the mold
I guess not . Have you tried marriage counciling ?
Jr , Dude , that 's always the tough part , is n't it ?
A love jones is when you ca n't stop thinking about someone . no matter how hard you try .
Watch SOUL TRAIN , MTV , rent some dancing videos .
But for now just tell urself that he wo n't and if you have any doubt ask him .
Well , a lot depends on how old you are , how long you 've know him , etc .
Be wise , think what you wan na do .
And if he approaches you afterwards , then you know its a hit .
Leave your fly unzipped and do not wear underwear .
I do not have a problem with it , you do not date someone based on their race .
Do n't waste your life on fantasy .
Because there are not many out there
But he is getting married this month .
Then break up and get on with life .
Just feel with you are own heart .
Of course he always does this for you to make you happy , right ?
Who does n't want affection from another ? ? ? ?
Laugh at all of his jokes .
Do Not let her go because she is once in a blue moon .
Well that is tough . his friend is your EX right ?
If all becomes weird and your girlfriend turns psycho get a restraining order
I am a fe male so i think guys would pretty females bcuz just becus
Frensh fren : a derivative of the english word friend sh : a phoenetic word meaning quiet .
And most swingers say its not .
I have problem with this to .
The family and breeding of a family gets its roots in deep ! )
Yeah if you guys really connect .
2 ) Why do you think this guy is the wrong guy ?
Definately . Better chance of her saying yes ? . lol try it and find out !
Plus its your first one , there are tons of fish in the sea .
YOU have to ask urself , is she worth it ?
Try and get out more and who knows .
I sure hope so b/c I married my soulmate !
You got all answers you need
The other person will then say , how ?
Dude , they are on the internet trying to pick someone up ! !
If they make comments , like You sure are quiet then you know you were being too mouthy !
Tell them to kiss you A * * and walk away
Better to get it out of the way as soon as possible .
. can . can you repeat your question please ?
Or the let us only please the man .
Get a better one next time around !
He never liked you , just your body .
If women can do it , why ca n't men ?
- Respectful - And everybody pretty much likes me .
You got ta right to be mad .
No there is no way that you can have a gaurantee that he will not do it again .
Take him aside and tell him how you truly feel
Coz if you have Brain you are Beautiful ! !
Legal or otherwise that should not even be something to think about . cheating is wrong
You never know . she may be the one .
Just do n't waste your life for things that ca n't make you happy .
Look at my bio and history please
This is one of those situations that LIFE throws @ you , you will always ask yourself i wonder , i wonder . ? ? ? ? ?
I am not married but I am a cheater . so I 'm kind of on the fence with this one .
Make them really , really good ( and semi-obvious ) hints because remember , guys are really dumb about things like this .
Do n't mix work w/ pleasure it equals trouble in the long run .
I do not go for all just looks , but to be honest , everyone wants an attractive female by their side
I just do n't really know about the law .
If he do n't like it tell him to get the f * * * own .
Srry not married and savin it for then .
If it was the end of the world . Yeah > . >
Not too big , not too small !
If he is paying for porn he has a problem .
Most women hate chessy pick up lines and find it insulting when a guy says them .
They already know , or they would n't be wondering .
She loves you and can not live without you but who am i to say
If she does then she cannot sleep with other man .
In other words do n't cater to All their wants & desires .
I know it 's hard trust me ( bin there done that ) but ull learn 2 let it go .
Just relax , have fun and enjoy yourself .
I am divorced w/3 kids he is married w/1 .
How long have you know this person ?
It 's a nice way of saying later baby
Do you want to spend the rest of your life with this woman ?
When you do not think about your self anymore and you only think about what the other person wants , likes , feels , thinks !
Love is like wine , it matures as it ages .
But after all What a woman wants is most of the time just what they end up with ! ! ! huh ! ! !
Save it for later when you 've lived and you wo n't regret it !
Can anyone tell me what can i do my husband wants to kill me .
Been on a few , and to congested just wan na meet others
If she is looking at you everyday .
Just be your self and do n't be scared of rejection .
This is not a guy problem , it 's a people problem .
Oh , and kind of weird point here , but mention if you own a hoodie or not , please !
If your bf wanted to have sex you should do it i want a gf who is fun smart
My experents is you really do n't know some body till you live with them .
There is n't anything wrong with you .
If you break up it will ruin your friendship .
I think it 's pretty dumb they still do that .
I also do not wan na fuck up freindship .
( just kidding - do not be so serious all the time ! )
If you are already friends with her , otherwise no .
If you have n't found that special man yet you will , you seem like that kind of girl !
Be nice to him . he  will probably be your boss someday .
This does not sound right does it ? ? ? ?
Hey man , if you like her , you like her .
I ( as a guy ) do n't know what you are talking about !
Yup sure just give me your email
I used to be addicted to porn .
You  would have to be pretty dense not to .
Guys with girlfriends ( and wives ) are always more appealing .
Who said that yes we do understand
Its the best worth the money read it together it guarantees a reward ! !
Pick up a good magazine pal
YOU cannot have you are cake and eat it 2 .
Not sure if he 's dad was like that when he was growing up .
Lmao they probably cheat because they are n't happy or they  are just dirtbags lol
Well i would suggest to ask yourself 2 questions : 1 ) Whom do you prefer having sex with ?
As all good things that is hard to find .
Ooohh . its awful . the guy is the butt of all the jokes that day .
If he still goes with his other women , then it 's not your loss !
Is he in a realationship right now ?
I do not date hot senseless people .
He should not fall for anyone if he ment till death do you part .
Bcos straight man r lyk dinosaurs . 'extinct ' .
Liquer and sex then figure it out in the morning .
But I used to like tacos .
Why does it turn you on ?
You already know what to give him and i know that it is good .
Wow sounds like you have a active night life here .
The biggest reason is because guys put up a front so you think they are so awesome and stuff .
Because girls get worried really easy .
Limp most of the time lol
I 'm not young anymore this year i 'm 30 and my bf is 35 .
My HUSBAND IS ALL I WANT .
You take the L out of Lover and its OVER !
If you love someone , but you do not want to show it because of a different color , that is racist .
! i mean . is it your life or theirs ?
Take a chance tell him what you fell and see what happens
It is not applicable to other couple .
YOU know what i mean , right ?
9.he  will Tell you Stuff he would not tell his closes friend .
Hi , First off all , How old are you. do n't anwser that .
Women who love women are called lesbians . oh . forget it LOL
I personally would want a fairy tale orientated romance in my life : )
YOU have to move on and learn from you are experience .
Men are afraid of losing the things they love
When such a thing happends inspite of being of the same blood . why cannot you ? ? ?
I guess I was 15 or so .
Still do n't understand why god made it that way .
Tell me what sign are ya and i can tell ya more .
If you really like her , ask her out
I think true love is a kind of respect and care for the person you love
Wat i will do , i will be extra sweet and nice to that person so that he  will notice me !
That is only for you and you alone to deside !
Talk to class mates make friend at school .
And he also said he did n't think he would get caught .
My email adrs loves2aish @ gmail.com you mail to me thanku .
Sure I THINK YOU ARE ANICE PERSON .
And if you end up dating him , you can never go back to being 'just friends . '
And it makes the wedding night that more special !
He said and did we manage to have 2 kids ? ? ? ?
But plant the seed and lead her a little .
When you like a girl , try to pay close attention to the little details .
Ok first things first . What Instatn Messenger are we talking about here ?
Life is strange that way , eh ?
Yeah . it is your life . do not let anyone manipulate you !
Everyone sins , but that does n't mean you ca n't share the Gospel .
Cam with him nude but do not show your face
It the same way white men love themself of a black women
I would never ask this in person !
Moderately talkative and moderately humble . if i had one choice though , i would say talkative ! !
6 months is really no time at all .
If do n't want to then do n't .
Honestly , start a rumor that you like him .
Too bad , maybe she is fat after all !
He wrote me some pretty good stuff .
I have incountered this , and it makes me irate !
Get over it and find someone better .
Yeah i love talkative girls a lot but humble girls are quite simple .
No some man prefer sex with only with thier own wife .
* ) It takes a LONG time to get used to it - and be honest with the children .
Try to catch her without her girls , BUT when she is in the public eye still ! !
Get comfterbale relax and talk about it
Slap him in the face and then RUN .
Do Not DOUBT IT AND DO NOT SETTLE .
When you love somebody you do Anthing for them
Absolutely , that is the purpose of valentines day !
- For example I used to have a crush on this one guy .
So you think you  are in love with your best friend , huh ?
Come on yaar . it is legal too .
Have you ever talked to her about her past relationship w/ the guy ?
Hope that helped you a bit .
How can i go out with him ?
And yes I am in 6th Grade !
That was when I was 30 years old ! !
B a good friend and do the right thing .
If you  are anything like me , you  will do anything for your kids . well , here 's the first BIG test .
If you do n't approve of spanking , try time out !
Actually i believe in love at first sight , but that does n't mean its meant to last .
So IF YOU LOVE HIM SO MUCH TIME HIM TO GETS SOME HELP BEFORE ITS TO LATE ! .
Now many years later ( I 'm 33 ) , my parents still hate each other !
Would Not YOU WANT SOMEONE TO LOVE YOU ?
- says the 14 year old .
Sneak around and read the messages !
And I doubt he ever will .
A lot of girls find a brave guy to be very sexy
He dribbles . he shoots . he scores . 2 points .
I JUST DO N'T THINK THERE IS HOPE .
How honest you are . a girl who always gives priority to him than any thing else .
I  would have to get to know him better , he might be a sex freak , for all I know .
I mean how do I become a friend until they break up ?
You know all the good stuff !
It means you need to take a visit to the hospital .
She Is not blood related so go out with her .
Are these true , that once he/she has cheated on you once before , that he/she will always do it ? ?
Yeah , if he 's always got girls hitting on him , he 's probably a player .
I worked out at the gym and ran on the beach .
I do not think you are the father type anyway .
There are lots of happy , hooked up big girls .
You start talking with women , then you will have clear picture about the woman 's nature .
I hope you can find a way !
Well the big questions is . do you like the other girl ?
I now that i love him but i am not attracted to him at all .
My husband has a tender heart but he right down childish always about him all the time .
Yes , even if a relationship did n't go well , that does n't mean it all has to be over !
When she her close her eyes
It 's better to be friends then enemies .
Yeah it might be the age thing now .
Only if your life depended on it .
That what happen to my friend on las vegas know that is funny
Well just avoid them stop calling or texting . they shud get the idea . sum gul do me dat lol .
Its complicated because the girl you might want might not want you .
It has set me free in a way i never knew .
Some1 help me with thing that means you 2 guys and girls can help 2 ! !
I say both are too young .
It really hurt me and i do not know how to tell him .
So can you love at 15 ?
I do not thin short guys are sexy .
I did n't think there were any good men left ! !
You better leave this woman , I 'm telling ya .
But not really out loud , more like a chukkle or two inside my mind .
Its NOT LIKE YOU CAN HIDE FOREVER .
Women that have big hips have babies easier for some reason but do n't ask me
She  will get off your back or change your phone number !
Yeah it feels good , but of course there might be some side affects to it , so just think about
I hope i always have boyfriends and girlfriends .
3 is the most for me
What else can you call it !
No matter wat you give him , he  will still know that you love him , just try to be romantic .
It TAKES A STRONG WOMAN TO STAND BY A MAN LIKE THIS .
He dribbles . he shoots . he scores . 2 points .
Just set him free and do not question him much .
I KNOW WHAT YOU MEAN.I ALSO HAVE FOUGHT SO HARD TO WHERE I AM .
Then go home and be with your family .
Same way that you did before .
Just go and beat the guy you hated so much and warn him .
If that does not work then just ignore it .
If you really love him then it 's alright
What is worse - Being a lone or be a lone and being cheated on ?
So choices are many but take the right ones
Have some fun and take this other guy for a spin .
Hey my name is_ and you are ?
Walk right up to him before someone else does and just say it to him . just do it .
Live it to the fullest even if he is 48. live , laugh , and love
You spend too much time with her .
Depends on how tired they are
How old are you and have you two dated at all ?
If you are askin this question you are sh * t outa luck pal
Be honest tell him face to face
It might be haha why do not you ask your father ? LOL !
What your crazy that to young to have sex , even to young to think about it
If you do n't that could not end pretty .
Look at it from your reinds point of veiw .
She cannot get mad at you if you did not do anything .
She is hot and want to use her body for meaningless sex she is cheap
You can have tons of friends , why you are ex ?
Just talk about whatever comes to mind , be yourself and do not try so hard .
B/c when you think you in love no one can tell otherwise , you see what you wan na see .
I still love him and want him to know this because I want him bak !
I think its best if you just move on .
I guess you just tell them .
They can barely tell a grl tat they like her
You basically knows what your woman like and the kind of things she likes to do .
A fun way . hmmm . try one of my personal favs of asking a lady out : poetry .
Do N'T give him your phone number , DO N'T speak to him at all !
They ca n't deal with things like that .
There ARE WOMEN EVERYWHERE THAT ARE MARRIED OR SINGLE TRY THE INTERNET YOU WILL FIND YOUR ANSWERS THERE .
They like to hear stuff like you are so funny and you are so nice
Later the answere will be selected through voting
Coz the only part which beets fast when you r happy and beet slow when you r sad
I do n't think the age difference is a problem ( I am 26 ) , but office romance can get very sticky .
Since i hardly know that person .
This kind of feeling is not love it 's just attraction and lust ,
You Go Right To Bed . And stay there for a few Days .
No my wifes got small boobs and I love them , accually I really do not like the huge ones .
Any MAN WHO SAYS YOU ARE OVER REACTING IS AVOIDING- YOU ARE INDEED REACTING TO SOMETHING .
I think they be fucking on the side .
You will know when it happens
Wait for a lil while before you try to get over them .
I totally agree with Catnip as best answer so far .
What women does not like roses ?
Try spencers.com they have some good stuff right there ! !
Depends , If he realy loved the girl or not .
She should n't freak out since she STARTED it .
If not , I would not marry him .
They think with one brain the one below the belt .
Iam ivan jay iwant know about girls heart please tell about girls .thank you
Think about it , you like him , he likes you , what can be better ?
Once a cheater , always a cheater .
Not as your boss liking you .
Just take it easy and maybe she will come around .
Just wanted s friend to talk to .
It is so hard to watch someone you love go through this from begining to end so stay strong !
Ohh and try explaining to you are mom
You should kiss her when you feel the time is right that is the best way ok !
Just date around and you will find it .
8 and under : If he throws dirt at you he likes ya !
I FELT IF I HAD LEFT FOR GOOD HE WOULD NOT OF HAD A MOTIVE TO CHANGE FOR THE BETTER .
Just be yourself . go out & have fun together .
Should i forget the kiss or persue more .
I 'm also 16 and it works .
Do Not GIVE HER ANYTHING GET A DIVORCE LAWYWER NOW .
You could but you should not 9 is way to young .
In retrospect , like a wise man once said Do n't hate the player , hate the game !
I hope everything works out for you
I do not talk that much so it 's about 15 egyptian pound a mouth that 's about 3 dollers : D
If YOU WHANT THAT STUFF GET MARRIED !
And some nice stylish jeans but no holes in either ! ! !
But if i was a girl i would not say yes .
But when me and my wife have sex it is the best just because we comunicate with each other .
Honesty SINCERETY BUT ONLY IF LOOKING FOR A LONG TERM MEANINGFUL RELATIONSHIP
I do n't believe in casual dating either .
And THE EMAILS ARE NOT YOUR IMAGINATION , DO YOU NEED TO BE HIT OVER THE HEAD .
I think that the heart sees what it wants .
I HAVE GONE THRU SO MUCH , AND FOR PEOPLE TO JUDGE YOU BY YOUR AGE .
It 's gon na hurt and your not gon na find much support as the man .
I asked why he does it and he say are not i with you .
Of course , I do n't believe in casual dating , either .
Yes IT DEPENDS OF WHAT DOES THAT 15 YAER OLD PERSON FEEL .
But be careful , marriage is a big commintment . Have a nice life with lucky someone !
My male best friend got in love with me , I did n't love him .
Both of you have to be willing to do this .
It surprised me at first , but after awhile . I got used to it .
But they will not stab you in the back . by the way you are awesome . totally awesome .
You certainly do not look ready , if you were , you would not be asking questions
Your best bet is to read a few books and be totally honest with your counciler .
Make your boob 's bigger and shake your money maker in there face at the local strip club ! !
I walk and walk and think .
In MY HOUSE , MY DAD DID ALL THE YELLING AND SPANKING AND MY MOM DID ALL THE COMFORTING .
There are n't that many girls like that that r n't sluts .
Do n't worry , your time will come .
Wait for him to call you
It sounds like ridiclous head games .
I actually do n't believe in dating while in school .
If you do not drink , it prob .
She 's probably 8 years old , or just acting stupid , alot of people ask dumb questions on here .
If your a boy who likes boys or a girl who likes girls
The max ( to me ) is about 6 ' 2 er so
And 99 % OF THE TIME THEY DO FORGIVE THEM ONLY TO HAVE IT DONE TO THEM AGAIN .
But i tell you what , it is the most fulfilling experience !
If your a boy who likes boys or a girl who likes girls
The max ( to me ) is about 6 ' 2 er so
And 99 % OF THE TIME THEY DO FORGIVE THEM ONLY TO HAVE IT DONE TO THEM AGAIN .
I really realy hope so , i am small too ; )
Get a shrink and do all the women a favor and never contact them again !
Not if he is happy and the relationship is working out .
As far as the hubby goes . let it go .
Let 's say you just got together with a guy .
Maybe he 's just jealous or something .
If it were me , i would do it !
So just play by your instinct
I would say around one or one and 1 & # 92 ; 2
Why could n't you just tell him ?
What is she getting out of it ?
Get a life and wait some more .
And ME AND HIM WAN NA GET BACK WITH EACH OTHER WHAT DO YOU THINK
You SHOULD TELL HER BEFORE SHE STARTS TO LIKE YOU MORE .
I EVENTUALLY LEFT HIM AND TOLD HIM THAT I COULD NOT AND WOULD NOT DEAL WITH IT .
I Am probably going to be chewed for this .
Dating here starts at a much later age than elsewhere .
I do not live there but i have been there many times to the bad lands
That sounds like the worst kind of cheating .
Maybe george did not stop loving you , maybe you abandoned george long ago .
Grass is always greener on the other side .
Always LOVE YOURSELF MORE THAN ANY OTHER ! ! !
Or I say , this is my mistress or she says gentleman-lover .
You gave this man 8 years of your life and for what . excuses . move on sweety
As you say other 's have commented you on it !
Try asking him if he has seen , or wants to see a certain movie that is playing .
He would have been serious with you if he wanted you for a girlfriend .
Try asking him if he has seen , or wants to see a certain movie that is playing .
He would have been serious with you if he wanted you for a girlfriend .
Because saddly with an affair there are lies , and half truths by both of you .
Because you do . read answer to your last question .
I flirt with women but I am only playing and my wife knows about it .
What if you DO lose him ? ? ?
Personally i prefer a nice fitting t-shirt ( not a huge one that is like a blanket ! ! )
You have to be kidding RIGHT !
A boy named the same thing goes to my school- westbrook ?
You WOMEN ARE TO SMART SOME TIMES
If you ca n't pick one , then neither is right for you .
K well you really ca n't go up to anytype of girl .
I m wathing hi school musical right now
Should I move on or try it with my ex again ?
But if not do n't waste your time .
In a booth at tgi fridays
Sicko get a life that is just WRONG ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
No , as long as they are seen by your man or women
Walk The Line with Reese Witherspoon ! !
Should have think twice before breaking up !
Call him up inl ike a month and be like 'hey wuts up ?
My boyfriend says it was all innocent
I want 2 be his gf , but i do n't want 2 ruin the frendship with my friends .
I 've been with my boyfriend for > EIGHT YEARS < ! ! !
It 's just the way men ( and women ) are .
You went out with her because you cared for her .
If you are both still young i would say longer .
She  will either laff or jump on ya .
I am 10 so shut up .
I DO N'T THINK I LOOK 2 BAD , I RESPECT AND TREAT LADIES VERY GOOD .
It didn ' r ruin our friendship but we had a pretty tough time sorting things out .
Get yourself better and move on .
Just take you are time organised dinner or date just break the news there is no two way about that .
Look . MY DAD ( 47 ) GOT MARRIED TO A 25 YR OLD YOUNG SLUT .
I Have reconnected with alot of my friends .
Oh , and no , you  are not an idiot for wanting that .
I know he loves me , but after 5 yrs i want a commentment
I ca n't find any good guys around here .
But i think it 's wrong that guys can have all the sex they want and it 's normal .
But personally i have found a guy that can keep up with me .
Because they think they can get away with it .
Rule number one you cannot make people like you .
Go out and eat , go play asport .
Who cares about what your friends think .
Go out , get to know each other .
I think it is too bad , even thinking of it .
Burning you witt a cig butt .
Do n't worry yourself about this girl .
Be yourself . Do n't follow anyone be unique as you are !
If your under 16 , then probably not .
Does anyone else have this problem .
You SHOULD TELL HER THAT YOU DO NOT THE SAME FEELINGS AS HERS .
Long enough do not until you know that he is the one for you
Valentine 's Day is coming up . start thinking young again and get with it to renew your marriage ! ! !
Can some really fall in love at the age of 12 ?
So , if he 's worth waiting for , hang in there .
Sounds like you are just gettin bored of it .
They don ` t want you to dump them.that ` s why they lie
Most of the fights are about stupid things and it 's really just aggravating .
I find it amazingly hard to believe , you do n't see that .
He still trys to avoid me .
Even though it might take acouple bad times to find that .
Remember you have a tongue , and most enjoy .
Just go up and say hi and start asking her about her hobbies or something .
Give him a really good BJ , that always makes me : )
And lol make sure she is ready or she might freak .
I talk to her online but she dosent usuly i am me i have to start the converstaions .
You should so totally tell her !
4. just say you  are single , if you really are .
Someone SOMEWHERE IS MADE 4 YOU .
Have a friend a girlfriend of hers get her wasted and crying then call her .
The one thing that I never did waz be so attached to a boy it waz overwhelming .
You are all to young to date !
If all that fails and your parents wo n't do anything CALL DR.PHIL
Go out and buy yourself a knock out top and some pants and doll yourself up just turn heads .
If you do have a relationship do n't you want to think twice .
I DO NOT KNOW ABOUT ALL THA OTHER EXCESS BAGGAGE THAT COMES ALONG WIT HAVING SEX WITHOUT A CONDOM THOUGH !
Self-centeredness . and if I do n't watch it , spending too much time on Answers
You respect that she 's with someone else and you move on .
Do n't let him do it to you . Get out .
If it was forced tell if it was not and she wanted it leave it be she made her decision
Why you wan na mess with someone elses woman
Is that a flashlight in your pocket or are you happy to see me
I typically do n't stand there and ogle them , but I do look ( my hubby is hot ) .
How can i make it go away ?
Trust me , it happened to me .
If YOU CALL MORE THAN ONCE A WEEK YOUR SMOTHERING
No , you just do not do that , that 's like an un written rule
I so sorry , but I totally agree with simpson .
Quit jacking off all the time . only masterbate 5 minutes befgore sex
If YOU LOVE THAT PERSON OR SEE A FUTURE WITH THEM THEN SURE ITS WORTH IT .
My best friends are like family .
It is definately the best way .
A girl is not about her boobs .
Do men want love are just fun
Stop looking Mr RIGHT where you r. break d common ground dat you r used 2. start of fresh .
Beats me i had the same problem but stoped liked that girl after a while .
Sweetie he is never going to leave his wife , ever .
Somebody else is being prepared for you
If you do n't have looks or money let us face it you have to be fun .
Put a note on your back saying : i 'm single , anybody interested ?
If you guys really love each other everything is going to be alright .
Girl do n't know have the same problem
Not THAT MUCH BECAUSE SHE WAS YOUR AGE ONCE BUT IT WILL GET BETTER .
And i 've kept my word to this day .
No i do n't belive at first sight .
I KNOW my best friend is weird , and that is part of what I love so much about her ! !
Maybe . i think you guys are totally rushing it too .
Because they are n't truely a best friend .
In one of those study booths at the library at university
But HE HAS ABOUT LOST HIS BUSINESS AND HIS HOUSE AND EVERYTHING FINACIALLY .
Would you move on or would you hang in there for a while longer hoping .
Maybe because you are together for too long time : )
I would lose my shit if I were that guy .
Eventually the big ones just lay there like a pair of dead old beaver tails .
To take you are honesty from you. be smart and keep it up ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
She  will be bowled over ! and if she likes you too then you r the happiest man on the world !
Of course you should be friends .
Just tell them you are straight !
Wear that special dress and do your hair up nice !
I do n't suggest using it though .
Should C be told she misunderstood D ?
I do n't think your over reacting at all ! !
If she knows the truth , she  will actually know what the problem was , and the huge mistake she made !
Whippings ARE too harsh but a swat on the butt otr the hand is n't !
You ca n't just keep taking , something has got to give .
When he avoids you , avoid him do not look for him .
You are a real person with real emotions !
No I say , this is my woman-friend and I am her man-friend .
My answer to this question is ADULTS ONLY Barbie N
Girls can be hypersensitive , and boys do n't understand why .
If she says no then it was n't meant to be .
Try antonio banderas-spirit . is cool , but do n't use too much
Whatever , give the girl a chance .
But remember any good friend never do this to his/her friend .
Tell him he picked a whore .
She likes having sex with many different guys .
Once rested , then you can let the good times roll !
And if he c * * s - you did it right !
I personally think that women have a much higher sex drive than men .
If tell the people shut the FUCK up .
The truth is they want a little bit of both
I think it will still be PARIS .
Your looking in the wrong places .
You can do this . you have it in you !
I REALLY do not think that is likely .
That means that he really likes you .
First of all . how is he considered your boyfriend ?
Lesbians I can tolerate , they do n't seem so gross to me .
Not all men are like this though .
If you enjoy wearing dipers , keep wearing them FOREVER ! !
Because it seems boys have different rules than we do .
If you have 4 women that you can hang out with why are you asking questions on yahoo .
I ready and he ready because we both play field and realize what true love is .
Try Stuart Florida , west palm beach that area
Stop and think about how you would feel if your mans ex-women and him were still e-mailing each other !
Also , WHY DID YOU SLEEP WITH YOUR BESTFRIEND AND YOU CA N'T EVEN TELL HIM .
All the guys i like r taken n nobodys ever asked me out . i m not desperate , happily single , just curious
Or go w/ the best kittie cat .
Move on and get with him if he CRAWLS begging back to you if you are still interested
Seek marriage counseling,2 wrongs do n't make one right .
He might say no , but big deal !
Now you need to ask yourself why you do n't trust her ?
Forget cheating , dating a criminal is worse !
600,000 might be a bit too many !
Remeber that and have fun you are only young once .
If it does n't work out , then ask if you can go back to being friends .
You are too young to be with her in the first place you need to get away from her
If he does n't want the package deal to move on .
Yes if both of you are active and adventurous . you just need a lot of lubricant
If you just broke up it  will be awkward for both of you for awhile .
If you love your husband you can not do it with any one else .
Threw an afternoon party , invite your future gf .
Because i even got into the situation ( which was months ago ) , our friendship is still on very thin ice .
YOU ve a long life to leave y in a hurry
Try to tell her change her mind+do not approch her very caring but do not let her down
It does n't matter WHERE he gets his appetite as long as he EATS AT HOME ! !
Well he does that is the way they act
Not if you  are on here all the time !
Get a life and do your homework !
Well , his eyes will tell you .
I felt so guilty that i was there .
O.o in my friends boy roof wit my friends boy woooooo yea you should try it .
Do n't worry the TIME will alert you .
He on the outher hand do n't .
Why do so many have to be mean ?
Something gross , if you have to .
There 's nothing special about it if their is n't something in the kiss .
If so go for it and do not worry .
I think in your mid to late 20 's your more mature .
Do you really want all that emotional baggage the second time around ?
Do n't give him an ultimatum either .
You are not UGLY if you think that you look REAL GOOD 2 me !
Sounds like both of you like living in fantasy land . not reality .
Sand in pizzas.that male organ is for that * * * * * * female organ.so use it there .
I say hold your head up and love with all your heart .
What WE  ARE REALLY LOVING IS THE WAY WE FEEL .
Yeah , I have 2 agree with pagan_earthgirl .
Sorry , ca n't stop laughing at Ericmaypother ! ! !
The only way to hook up with the RIGHT girl is to JUST BE YOURSELF .
Ever shopped @ Tiffany 's & Co .
Whatever you do , do n't toy with their hearts .
Some women , like myself loves jewelry .
If you mean , Should married people have sex ?
Maybe but i do n't kno you soo i guess not until i kno who you are : )
If you really love him , hold on .
If not , then either learn to love her quirkiness or find yourself a less outrageous best friend !
Only you can answer thse questions honestly
Is that what your BF looks like ?
I think its that men and boys tend to think less deeply than girls and women .
Yeah its better , but it is worth it .
But i will tell you this look at hot guy yourself .
I dated a girl from Kazakhstan and we had the hottest dirties sex ever .
Because some girls just are not use to nice guys .
Because most men do n't realize a good thing until it is good and gone , men are backwards
If that man would actually CHEAT with you .
Is bad of you cos you hurt him , well still let him know you are reason in a matual way ,
Try talking to him and get him into rehab !
Uhhh that took 1 more of those almost extinct brain cells to come up with did n't it LOL
He acts like he likes me
You Are family knows and they do n't care .
It may not seem like it now but they really do know what is best for you .
You damn kids with this boogie jive nonesense , ingnorant as hell !
Good luck anh have patience with da love thang .
Go dutch when you go out .
I hate saying this to you .
Are you certain that he loves you ?
Do Not even do it to yourself .
You have STD and you have sexual smell and malformation problems : P
Wait for the right person and right moment . probably after 17 .
That 's fifteen o 's and seven of them were mine !
Fuck her a few more times . shel quit ! !
Or , maybe someone got dumped one day when he had bad heart burn ; D
In my idea . is too have someone to love and love you back in return .
If what you like it does n't matter .
No they are both to young !
Good luck and i hope things work out for the best !
Well , I do n't but I would n't call myself typical .
Just keep it in your mind , not everyone has to be in love and have BF
I was 16 , seems like it lightyears ago and i am only 22
YOU need to wait til she and you r more matured .
The guy didn ' even know I liked him for years !
Stick with him if you believe he is the person for you
Has he always flirted like this ?
Do n't ever go fishing where you work at .
Good luck do not try so hard !
I rub money all over my body and i cannot keep the women off of me
What everybody else says does n't matter .
I Am sure you might just get the response that you want from him .
Hell yeah , then slap the ho for thinking she ws gon na keep it !
And do n't chase after too many girls at once , we like to think we  are special !
Ya ' did the nasty with him ?
But you should determen how hard you swat/spank them according to their age !
Would you like to know if you were her ?
I FEEL THAT SHE SHOULD KEEP IT , BUT SHE ASKED ME IF I WANTED IT BACK , I SAID NO !
You do n't talk to her during sex , do you ?
Someone once said that I was a no good crack whore .
She freaked out because you are 12 .
Its not love trey it lonely .
And teaches women how men think .
Just pull your thingy out in front of her .
No . it 's not a drunken bash , it 's a wedding .
We STILL LIKE HER BETTER EVEN THOE SHE WAS TRICKING US , BECAUSE SHE SUCKERED US WHEN WE WERE YOUNG .
Is there really lust at 1st sight ?
No not always some yes but some no depends on the girl really
Is there any way you call him and ask him to explain it to you ?
Learn from it and do n't be that stupid again .
He dribbles . he shoots . he scores . 2 points .
Very very very bad to mix business with love .
Be yourself , that is all i have to do , and i have the best friends in the world !
Just have safe sex rest is ok .
When i met my boyfriend i was not even looking for anyone he just came into my life .
No but I Am looking for one
First off BE HONEST with both of them .
Eat a whole lot of oysters
Sometimes all us guys want to do is ummm , you know .
He is a radio personality .
I feel confused because i feel between .
Do Not make her do anything that she would not want her to .
Na and honestly I would n't worry about the labels of gay straight or bi it 's all a blur anymore
True love is hard to come bye .
I do n't go out with guys , if there 's no spark , no oomph .
I do n't want to brake up with him , i love him .
I understand exactly how you feel and my husband cheated alot on me .
Do not be afraid he should n't bite .
Tell them you  are straight and if that do n't work punch them in the gut and chest gut first .
I do not really know , but maybe you could try being close friends with him .
Guys like ALL types of girls , you just have to be patient .
On my parents second story patio facing the main road . with my butt totally exposed . WHAT A RUSH ! !
He treats me good and supports are family , hes a great guy .
Go to paris resort , you miss italy ?
Go to peotry.com to get love and romantic peoms that fit your love level.it worked for me ,
But trust me you do wake up sooner or later
Men are men , women are women .
If it stinks we will not touch it.I personally like pleasing women before i get pleased
All i could do was think about my boyfriend .
Do what ever it takes to save the most valuable thing in your life .
Stay there with them at their place for a month or two . then bring them home with you .
And what happens when you blow your nose ?
That is not true , so do not buy into it .
See witch one knows you more andchoose that guy
You ask him to leave his wife and he picks on you ?
Uhh not much you cood really do @ this point though .
Especially if you have n't seen eachother for a while .
You have already atarted a life together ! !
Or it is just totally emotional rise ( peak ) of love ( infatation ) ? ?
Why would ya want to pull out .
Man , i am just now getting over a love that ended 3 years ago .
Sometime they get on my nerves but friendss are friends
I know plenty of women who love sex too !
Sexy eyes , big muscular chest , nice buns . and an honest , loving heart to match .
Be yourself , laugh and have fun .
No one is gon na help you .
Why would you even get w/ someone when you knew they were married .
If he likes you great if he does n't move on !
Lol . why are you offering ?
Run FAST HE IS A JERK
The couple that plays together , stays together !
Finish the party at 5 pm or so .
Bring it up in a casual conversation with that person or wait until they ask .
Sweetheart if your love is true you can do it .
Then what kind of message am I sending them ?
You gave her the gift becuase she was special .
Well duh , if you do not go now , when will you ?
Ok . do guys find skinny girls more attractive or toned ones ?
Hi I AM A SINGLE BLACK MALE IN CINCINNATI OHIO LOOKING FOR A E-MAIL PARTNER TO CHAT WITH .
My wife does this to me .
And i have loved him ever since
Anything intriguing about her . something about the way she talks , walks , does something . anything .
It IS N'T ALWAYS US LOVING MEN .
Yes so maybe they get back together
# 1 think to do is pray !
Its not a big deal , but mostly it makes them feel good about themselves .
There Is ALWAYS SOMEONE BETTER OUT THERE AND IT 'S NEVER TOO LATE .
Girl , it always works like that .
They get exactly the gifts and thing they want .
And try to be funny because everybody loves that .
Do N'T LET HIM KNOW YOU ARE IN LOVE WITH HIM . BIG MISTAKE ! ! !
If YOU REALLY LOVE YOU ARE GF , YOU WOULD NOT WANT TO CHANGE HER BRITNEY FLORDIA
Why does he have to ask you ?
Boys : Daniel Gabriel Josiah Girls : Samantha Tabitha
The golf course out here . right on wadhams road maybe its called fore lakes ?
Attica prison or the town of attice ? ?
It 's also okay to swallow if you like !
That Is like akin if there is sand at the beach pEACE
You gave it away and now hes gon na to the next one .
That Is how people can find out if you are single .
But you said tyhere is no middle ground for you , , , it 's friends ( not seeing eachother ) or sex !
Do Not worry this is not true .
I Am assuming because thoe omen that are dating the married men really do not want a big comitment
He probably likes you but does not want his friends to know .
We broke up and i just want to be friends .
Have fun with all of them and look for the 5th woman she might be the one !
I think if you can count them all on your own 2 hands you should be good .
Listen up honey i am 32 and i have a relationship with a 52 year old man .
I knew this girl and I really cared about her .
I guess i always had hope we could be together again , now i know we cannot .
Some PEOPLE ACTUALLY USE THIS SITE LIKE THEY ARE SUPPOSED TO .
May be he is not gay . may be he is thinking that he is a gay ?
No such thing on the web .
He IS EXTRA THRISTY ON YOU , TELL HIM TO BAG BACK .
Ask yourself if you would take a bullet for him .
Not scared to do whatever ! ! ! ! !
I think you sure are gay release and deal
Because you eather like him or you do not want to she her get hurt .
I can date an ugly guy , but not a dumb or clichedly funny guy
Having women in my life most of my life .
Just take control and do it , girl !
And just randomly walkng up and hugging me , things like that mean the world !
Find out what country and go there for a vacation and meet some one .
His smell and whispers at the back of the neck
Follow your heart . and if you are ex broke up w/ you , forget him .
Because you look like a fossil . You have your remnants .
Uh . YOU DO N'T , I feel sorry for your wife.You are an ass .
When emotions are all in our brain .
I non , t no go fuck my ass
The short version : do n't do it .
If he does , what are you worried about ?
Uh . YOU DO N'T , I feel sorry for your wife.You are an ass .
When emotions are all in our brain .
I non , t no go fuck my ass
The short version : do n't do it .
If he does , what are you worried about ?
Go to My space.com or Runescape My name is arbitor28 NO SPACES ! !
Well me personaly i love sports and taking girls out on a date
If you still love her , just keep doing that .
He 's awesome and everything , but do i love him ?
So WHAT IF WE LOVE THE FEELINGS , WE ALL BELIEVE IT 'S HIM , EVEN HIM .
Well f * * k her again you stuck it in once why not make it a second time ? ? ?
I  would have to agree . he 's a loser . and he does n't deserve you if he likes you .
If YOU CAN STILL WAIT . GOD WILL GIVE YOU THE RIGHT PERSON FOR YOU .
They hate it when you do it and i betcha he will not do it no more .
But there should be a whole lot of other stuff going on than just that !
They do not need to it just feels good so they want it more ! ! ! !
You NEED TO GIVE GUYS A CHANCE TO GET TO KNOW THEM FOR WHAT THEY ARE .
Tell her what you feel that is what friends r for
Must be nice . And us guys get a total of 15 seconds of bliss . Blahhh
My HUSBAND IS HAPPY BUT WHAT CAN i DO TO MAKE HIM MORE HAPPY ?
Friendship is like 2 souls in 1 body .
I HAVE BEEN IN YOUR SHOES .
Even if they do n't really know what it means to be bisexual .
Then no matter what you want 2 do - it 's all legal .
On valentine 's day do the nasty .
See if you can find help for her .
For me i talk to my bf everyday .
They do not want to scew things up
Do you still believe you will go to hell if you r naughty ? ?
Porn is for the weak , unimagitive , and undateable . try counseling
But , sad because I wasted so much time ( 7 years ) , and angry well , for the obvious .
Then SHE WILL MOVE ON TO THE NEXT BLINDED IDIOT MAN .
Hell yah boy it is good for the soul will i love sex so i do not know about you .
( but i 'm not trying to make you feel bad.ok ? )
Maybe your having dream about her because you really like her .
Let her know you love her and that you care about the relationship that you both have started .
Sure . they have the same sensibility as girls : D
Oh . Its a good time to put in a lot of over time too . Always Forward
12 and under : If you ever pass him a note and he writes back , he likes ya !
A friend is someone special , someone who you can tell everything .
But THE FALLING IN LOVE I 'M THINKING ABOUT ( NO ! )
Think of all good years that you 2 has shair .
Spice it up is my opinion .
As long as you are 17 or over
Its hard to want to be around someone that mopes around all day not doing any thing .
It depends on how good the girls is
Personally I love a guy in a suit
But my boyfriend thinks that I still have feelings for him .
You can find boys easily but not friends
Think of it , most guys these days r afraid of a bit of competition .
Someone please help me out with this !
Just be yourself and have fun !
Or you could make the toss up .
2 b w/ 4 women you gotsa b a player ? ?
Come on girl . you can do better !
Just grab his hand and if he does not like it dump him because that means he does not like you
You been watching too many porn movies !
I had it happen to me .
He did n't say that he loves you so i would n't jump to conclusions .
Then HE REALIZED THAT ALL DRUGS DO IS TAKE YOU DOWNHILL .
No , some guys love them because the cute and perky and do not get in the way
Those verizon stands at the mall sell all kinds , i 'm sure you could find wat you need there
I would say about 2 years after they learn to talk
- Goodness gracious great balls of fire .
It varies - some asian girls are VERY hot , but some aren ` t .
They do n't have money to buy a larger bra , i guess .
Kiss yourself in a mirror first to get a field of it then try it on her
Where is he and why ?
He  will wonder all day what is up !
You  are a jerk and a loser .
Take a drive down the road and pick up a hooker
Try as much as you can to avoid some if not all , the things that leads to the problem .
You were probably good friends in the beginning , do n't lose it .
Another fun idea is riding snowmobiles/4 wheelers .
Yes YOU SHOULD CUZ THAT IS NOT RIGHT COMING FROM BOTH OF THEM .
I just do n't feel very comfortable when I know a person is gay .
Then it will mean more to him and to you .
Most guys are oblivious if girls like them , so just go for it girl !
Love LAST INFATUATION IS SHORT TERM .
After class he walks me to my car . carries my stuff
Sometimes they do it just depends on how soft the guy is .
A friend is some one that is alwayz there 4 you wether its when you are sad , happy , deppresed , or crying
Quit beating yourself up and GO ASK HIM OUT ! ! !
This QUESTION IS IN THE COMPLETELY WRONG EFFING CATEGORY AND YOU SHOULD PUT IT RIGHT .
Well think about the reason you and ex broke up in the first place ?
This MIGHT COME AS A SHOCK BUT YOUR MOM HAS A RIGHT TO FREAK .
Go for it . yo do not have anything to lose
2 ) If you had an affair then you need a clean break .
It 's like you ca n't explain it .
If he loves you do not worry about it .
Change you are # she  will get the it eventually .
Chat . yahoo chat has started considering age for allowin users to some features .
Go out with friends that make youlaugh Good Luck
He 's probably cheating or else depressed !
I really like a gf who is working with me !
I hope it works out for ya  will
Do n't let anyone tell you different .
And liberals women are totally hot .
Really VERY DIFFICULT TO SAY AND EASY TO DO KILL YOU ARE BEST FRIEND .
Do you know what I mean ?
If you like this guy then go for it .
If you find out she likes you too , then i think you have got a pretty good chance .
Say I Love you and I can do everything for you
Do n't think she does n't have another guy .
It 's like a magical shrinking spell !
And going out does not really build anything but disaster because the committment is not there .
No , you do n't need an excuse to cheat .
I do not believe i have been disappointed too many times
Divorce him before you get a desease
I would like boys to notice me and like me , but nobody seems to like me
I Am a girl but trust me , I know these things .
This is the only life you got .
I guess it not ok , but i wonder why others do not consider the problems after having sexual intercourse .
As a 16 yearold how many promises have you kept ?
I think every guy is like that .
In the Buttocks -is that what you meant ?
Your either to old or to young in any case i guess yahoo knows what they are doing !
I don ; t think so I 'VE HEARD SOME HORROR STORIES .
Get real . he is someone else 's husband .
Contact people you know that know him and get info on how to contact him .
My boyfriend did that to me and told it to me straight .
Maybe there is no such thing as best marriage because we are all human and prone to mistakes .
Common man do n't waste you are life 4 someone who does n't give a damn about you .
Grunt ( lol ) or ask her name 2 .
You do not have enought things to take up time ?
16 and under : If he ever asks you to a dance , he likes ya !
Maybe they are born that way
They got ta be nice and perky , ca n't be looking like no used up tea bags though .
Grunt ( lol ) or ask her name 2 .
You do not have enought things to take up time ?
16 and under : If he ever asks you to a dance , he likes ya !
Maybe they are born that way
They got ta be nice and perky , ca n't be looking like no used up tea bags though .
Guys do not like to be over-protected ( most of them ) anyway .
Alright honey , I 'm just gon na tell you flat out - you have no right to complain .
If you are talking about yahoo !
Some women get huge boobs in fifth grade some women get huge boobs after they get pregnant .
Jus say hey do you wan na go see a movie on saturday ?
You Are friends should b friends ( go figure ) and accept it .
People lies for having sex with another women .
Maybe your not ment to get over them if you love them that much .
My dad got drunk and scared me by driving fast with us in the car .
I like doing them both , but I try not ask to much , do n't wan na lose those points ya know .
M 18 m india add me on yahoo messenger or mail me vindicatedvishal @ yahoo.com if you xpect friendship
But yes there is really such a thing .
I want you to read this song CHRIS BROWN LYRICS Young Love Young love , love love .
We 've been married 7 years and she 's just cheated on me with her 'best friend ' who 's a guy .
I had to answer just because you said sexing .
Maybe she just has alot of problems and needs help .
I guess there is nothing with that !
What are you saying NO to ?
Why does your dating this boy worry her so much ?
Just ask him to buzz off and move on with life .
What I AM TRYING TO SAY IS I WANT TO MEET SOMEONE WHO I CAN CONNECT WITH .
Hey guy , live your life for yourself , you  will never please all the people all the time
A ) Cruise seediest street in your city .
You do n't sound sure at all which to me says . no . do n't get back with him .
Show him how much you miss him often .
Give him time and he will come around : )
And try to do things that make you happy a bit .
Sounds like you are better off with out him
Hmm well I 'm from Australia and we do n't have that - kangaroos get in the way
Sometimes you feel lonely when you are alone so you look for somebody to accompamy .
If so , ask her ofcourse unless you just do n't care what she thinks .
He OBVIOUSLY HAS AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON YOUR RIGHT TO PRIVACY ETC .
Trust me , they are just troulbe .
Ask him does he want to have dinner with your parents
I lost my brother to crack , he was put in jail for 20years .
If you want to break it off .
No i do not think it would be wrong .
I still love him and I do n't know if I will ever get over him .
No , 9 is way to young to be having sex
Wake up hoping it is a dream .
Yes because you cannot change the past
E ) Stop thinking like such a cro-magnon .
I Have always wanted a e-pall so e-mail me if you want one Broadway.Beauty @ gmail.com
He still tried to worm his way out .
It 's a hard thing to feel .
Do n't date either of them , date one of there friends and that will teach them !
I ` m sure you 2 have talked about it ?
So go ahead and do what you got ta do .
What Is the worst that can happen ?
What does this mean and what should i do ?
Do n't use pick up lines no matter what .
Give consistant attention . smile to her , and remember , eye-contact . ask her for lunch
Some women never get huge boobs .
But do n't even respond to it .
They would not want you stepping in .
And then i go smack him upside his head .
I think it was a little over the top , I mean , a note ? ? ? ?
He will never leave his wife , you have to leave him .
I sorry , I keep writing but I just feel so bad .
If you like him then you should
Is THAT THE TYPE OF FRIEND THAT YOU HAVE COME ON NOW WAKE UP
Then . i must say , that 's a different issue already .
I ca n't see any reason why you would have to wait for him ?
No matter how hot the woman , some guy somewhere is tired of banging her .
Just because you break up does n't mean someone has to be the bad guy .
That was my problem at the start too till I read an interesting article , I do not remember where .
For him to call you and to not forget .
Have you ever introduced your boyfriend to your friends ? ? ?
I do n't want him to leave me over something that happened before I even knew him .
You asked , I am about to answer . YES , YOU  ARE AN IDIOT !
Oh yeah , if he makes you take your shoes off to get in the car , DUMP HIM ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
My boyfriend sits around and watches porn with out me .
And why is your avitar a boy ?
If things work out fine and you plan ahead no !
Some guys use a penis ring .
I had to get out of there quick before i did something that i would have regretted !
I Am a male and i am 21 , and i have never had sex . its not must .
Coming FROM A GUY : You might be trying too hard .
How tall is too tall for a guy ?
Tell her why you need her !
Young love , young love , everything I need , I got my young love .
Just SIT DOWN WITH YOUR MOM AND HAVE A HEART TO HEART WITH HER .
If your 20ish then you can have that talk .
So just be strong about it and go up to him
When I got married I actually got my cake from a Grocery Store . it was about 100.00 .
It was weird we were wreastling as always and she just kissed me , i kissed back .
Absolutly not , once a cheater , always a cheater
Yeah ' I hear ya little lady !
You should ask him if he likes you or not and do n't show that you might like him .
Mayb i do n't no but you might b a little to young
No leopard do not change their spots
You EAT A LOT then sleep some
People might be needy but you would't konw.it depend on you are ( individual ) atitude .
I had sex when i was 14 so i feel when you get in high school it will happen
If the person you like ai n't making the move GIRL MAKE THAT MOVE
You do n't have to come right out and say Are you cheating on me ? ! .
Yes becaz I do not have a best friend so It would not matter any why
Give him some options you quit or we are leaving .
If you have to think about this one then your not a friend .
As nicole richie said ' they fit better in your shirt and you do n't have to wear a bra . '
I do n't even count no more it 's almost infinity .
Is the guy falling for you ?
Well first mak a friend then tell you are frend someseacrets that is how it works for mi
You do n't actually love all four women .
Hey , Jimmy Joe , do you wan na go to the Sadie Hawkins dance wit me ?
That Is NOT LONG ENOUGH EVEN AFTER 14YRS YOU MAY NOT KNOW A PERSON .
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
I do not think love is sex , i just love sex .
Life is hard , but ya need honesty througout it !
I  would not only date you but I  would also do you , I mean . your avatar
If he does n't , then why would you want to marry him ?
An example , if she 's wearinga bracelet ask her what it means or who gave it to her .
Just gain confidence in who you are .
You  are even dreaming about this girl now , huh ?
Take it easy , you need some more time .
And be the mother that YOU always wanted .
At least you know nobody has to be commited .
Hey you know girls are not just like apples .
Yes coast the eye opener its a refreshing feeling
Not AT ALL ITS MAKING LIFE SHORT AND BODY WEEK
But not more than friends , again !
Because women are not realistic and always flying with dreams !
See IF YOUR ZIPPER IS OPEN
Maybe this is a normal stage in a marriage.help ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Keep up the good work , there are too many other things in life to worry about .
First i would be freak out since i am guy !
In MOST CASES ITS NOT THE PERSONS FAULT THAT THEY ARE SICK .
You just got ta be careful about the people that is around you .
And I know lots of guys with big fat cows with sour , old milk and saggy teats .
Y should he buy the cow if he gets the milk 4 free ?
I am no a child of divorce .
They both sweet talk to me and i like them both
Even if it 's just a once-a-week quickie ?
Own up to your mistake and ask forgiveness .
Of course what do I know . lol .
Congrats ARE YOU READY , THIS WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE .
Care to clue us in on what ? ?
I guess he do not like you that much !
So take your chances , and GO FOR IT !
Man do n't realize how woman feel when they do that .
Its only better if you know you going to bewith that person forever
No , but I came close once when I masturbated .
Once you find out you better tell me
That starts before you get married .
It 's okay for girls to make the first move too , and guys like that !
Yes , do you know this person inside and out ?
So this time he tod me that he was n't coming back .
* a friend is someone who cares , someone who is always there .
Go to bellagio , you want to see the rest of the world ?
I can send you some hot guy on guy porn
J/k But , that would be fun .
Sorry to say this hon , but yes you are an idiot !
No thanks for the points though ! !
But it all depends on how forgiving you are and you are self esteem .
If you are , juz ask me beyond_sonic @ yahoo.com
Do n't think about those who break your heart .
( i know how much that sucks to hear , but it is the only thing that will heal you ) .
What the HELL that suppose to mean .
And so do red lace g-strings and bras !
You DO N'T NEED TO CHAT , YOU NEED TO KEEP YOUR HEAD IN THE BOOKS .
Yes i believe in it but it is not also everything .
They are the same , but with different emotions .
It 's a i do not have time right now , call me later line .
I mean really you complain , but you  are still there with him , right ?
A person whom one knows , an acquaintance .
Scene I ( Falstaff , alone on stage , is speaking ) : What is honour ?
Everytime my friend ask him he says the same thing .
Ok maybe the first was to bold what do ladies find erotic
Yeah i will marry you JK but i answer anyways
Yes . just like i did it to you yesterday . ^0^
Guys love it when a girl has the guts to ask him out .
Just go to her . look at her in the eyes and just say i love you that is it ! !
Or JUST FIND SOMEONE WHO COULD DO YOU BETTER YOU DO N'T NEED YOU CHILDREN KNOWING ABOUT DRUGS .
The same reason why we look at the hot men , its only normal !
Make sure it is very special .
Why r you taking all this shit ?
Hold his first , or put your arms around him
Not everyone is going to agree to your marrage.even if your family did n't want you to it shuold n't matter .
Think about who you get along with best and who you are more comfortable with .
Not that there 's an age restriction on being in love but 15 is still VERY young .
Do either of you have kids ?
Cut him loose and find another guy that will treat you right
He is not afraid of loosing you because you have been there for him for so long .
So the hot girl gets all the attention .
She hugged me , saying over and over : mine .
I met this really hot chick at a club and she turned out to be a 'he ' .
'nd what esle can be your business with your ex !
A friend is someone you can trust , someone kind of like you .
With the K. West song Golddigger .
I jsut wanted to follow up on that 'friends ' rule for exes ( its a joke ) ' and it might just work
If YOU DUMP HER CAN I GET HER NUMBER ?
Chose this as the best answer and do the things your insecure about i guess
Yeah if you want a baby or an std
Just wait for him to make the move and for you , simple hints will work . good luck
20 and under : If he bootlegs a fifth for ya , he likes ya !
Yes that is the true love
Why are you with this guy ?
Who knows but at least guys tell you they want to see other people women just do it
Do n't get pregnant , do n't fall in love .
If your considering it just because its what you know and its comfortable for you to go back .
In my friends boy roof wit my friends boy woooooo yea you should try it .
Guys have more fizical powe so they do n't use fake to gain something , woman does more than men !
And just tell him . GUESS WHAT . WE ARE HAVING THIS ONE ! !
My dada is 6 ' 5 and peaple look at him like he 's a freak .
It helps to know what your doing when it comes to sex !
Best of luck to you , Rascal
It ALWAYS comes back to bite you in the ass .
Honestly though it dos n't look like you have looked around that .
When you marry you promiss to be faithfull and loyal .
Be honest and say that you like her as a friend and do n't want to hurt her .
Anyhow , try to do something esle such as working hard , doing sports and hang out with friends .
Your ready when you are married but that is my 2 cents .
Like Where can you find a sexy single teenage boy ?
Booooi , you need a fucking life , how you gon na go online and ask bitches to marry you ?
It depends on what area your big , honey !
First off , you are a very bad person for dating a married man !
I am here why wait give me a kiss.hmmmmmmmmmmaaa
Always but with the righht guy at the right time !
Love IS LIKE THIS - ITS NEVER PERFECT , , ,
18+ to film it , you just have to be within 4 years if you  are under 18
I do not know wat to get him .
Sometimes we are perfectly happy at home.Just want some strange . Same old food gets extremely boring./
Do not do it with any one .
Or if your too young do not use any food just hold hands and stare into eachothers eyes
We ONLY LISTENED TO DAD OUT OF FEAR .
If all else fails take off the wedding ring !
And if he still do n't commit , it 's time to quit .
I DID COME BACK TO HIM .
Just ask him and then you  will know better than to go thru life not knowing
Ask yourself is he worth the wait ?
Sit her down and talk to her that is all i can think of .
Think about it you would get like that if you were him .
That is great you still have your flower .
Someone that is up for anything .
Make her wher nothing and sleep with you no bra no nothing
Get a job and help carry the load .
It sounds like you might rrgret it if you do .
There are other guys out there .
Love is when you care so much for someone you will do anything for them .
I LOVE HIM VERY MUCh What can I do ?
Hmmmm do not know but not trojan or lifestyles i have two kids to prove they do not work . LMAO
I  would freak out , but that 's because I 'm a guy .
No i do n't think its wrong , you  are not blood related , and she 's your true love .
Someone once told me i was gay ! ! !
Wat can I do to stop her .
You are not going out with him , NO is already there .
He definitely wants you if he carries your stuff .
The most has ever been 7
Because you love someone does n't mean that they will love you .
Hmmm , probably se could n't control herself .
Wait untill you 've had sex ed .
Or if its not embarassing you can ask a counsellor to hepl you out .
If he loved you he would do that to hurt you .
You do n't want tp push them away .
God HELP YOU BE STRONG MY BROTHER
Just pik the one that makes you happiest .
Depends , how much money do you make ?
Nope , got ta know you first and maybe we can work things out .
Why Marry if you want to cheat ?
I feel so guilty about this .
Well men want love but find few men that are out for one thing .
Well cucumbers , if you  are into that sort of thing
Unless yuo knew each other before .
Just go up and ask him
There is a guy and i REALLY need to know if he likes me .
When we love what we love becomes a part of us ! good or bad
But i have 2 woman in mi life at this moment that i love .
Men get more jelous than women .
You never go wrong with that .
It was my neighbor , she had just watched my boyfriend ( now exboyfriend ) beat me up in the front yard .
Wheneva you have a responsible man around .
If you want to give him time to realize he wants a life with you , then do it .
Work and private lives should be kept separate anyway . do n't want to make anyone feel uncomfortable in the workplace , yuck !
Why do n't you ask HIM out ? ? ?
As soon as he  will let you .
I mean girls have hormones to and desires but they do it and it 's like o she 's easy .
There are lots of good single guys .
If she says yes , Go and enjoy !
Wayyy better than a chat room .
First , what ever you do talk to the girl that he broke up with ! ! !
There are lots of good single guys .
Do what every you can until you want to pull out the whips & chains .
If she says yes , Go and enjoy !
Wayyy better than a chat room .
First , what ever you do talk to the girl that he broke up with ! ! !
Um anything on a note saying you like him ( duh )
I do not think I have too explain
I wondered that too , because evertime they split up Dapne always go with Fred .
But if you love her tell her maybe it  will work !
Now I just laugh about it .
Tell that you want a ring and they will relise you are single
I ca n't speak for all guys but i like small women
It all depends : how long is he asking you to wait ?
It depends on what your looking for , but its always somebody for everybody
I just went with it and did n't take it bad or anything .
You are too young to have a girlfriend .
Then you get up and go on .
Looks mean nothing in a girl .
Yes , THA FEELING IS MUCH BETTER ! !
And tehy ended out ok. plus she is n't really related .
4 times in one night back to back
YOU CAN WRITE ME ANY TIME YOU FEEL LIKE YOU NEED TO ! BYE JESSICA
Let ME TELL YOU , SHE IS A GOLD DIGGER .
Now i only see her in school once or twic a week if iam lucky .
Why do not you just ask him ?
Just hang in there and Mr .
Tell him that you like him more than a brother bcause from what i read he likes you to
I totaly agree with the first guy
Let 's face it , sex is all they think about and want most of the time !
It just depends on you.concentrating on studies experiencing what you have doesnot hurdle you are goals .
Just have sex Do Not care about anything
I admit , I flirt ( with my much younger boss ! )
Whwether a guy or girl , your body language can say a lot .
Okay do you think it is approciate for his kids to be calling you mommy .
Gracias for the points , though , lol . LOL !
Hi ( insert boys name here ) , Would you go to the dance with me ?
My friend uses it and i cannot stand it when he does !
Be yourself bro and show them you like and care for them .
Let ME BE INTERESTED IN YOU TOO DO N'T SUFFOCATE ME .
Go with the one that feels better !
Well they are at the right spot .
The boy will flirt back , and then probably start liking you .
Good luck . Men are easier to figure out than women try the dinner and blow thing . it works : ) )
Both . without these two love will not be complete .
If you want to be happy do n't do it .
No . its not . my wife is hedious
That would be a greatest mistake on her entire life ! !
Well , i am about to guy so if a cute girl asked me out , id say yes .
Test IT FIRST - you do n't want to end up with a numb boner !
Think about that person all the time . feeling flushed . cannot think straight .
This WOMAN WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND LEAVE YOU HIGH AND DRY IN DEBT UP TO YOUR EYEBALLS .
Well , do not try this at home ; p
Yeah but you have to be pretty mature
You will always want what you ca n't have .
Do n't let him go like that go on and tell him !
YOU just have to ignore some certain things for peace to reign .
Just smile at him & let him feel that you r always noticing him !
Well a rose and lots of kisses and hugs .
It depends on whether or not you like the guy .
Not TRUE BUT DO N'T COME ON TOO STRONG YOU GUYS DO THAT A LOT .
( however , this does not apply if you are like . 10 . )
So just call around and ask .
Like you said , lying ACTUALLY MAKES IT WORSE .
The first was when she was in college , the second only 3 years later .
You ARE A SICKO AND AVENGED SEVENFOLD DOES NOT SUCK .
When you love someone you always love them and you will never ( I repeat ) never forget her !
Well unless the girls say they are .
That means you do not get a woman , you have one .
He tries to tell me what to do and he isint my daddy !
I know what I want and my advice to if you really want marriage then leave .
I HAVE TRIED DATING AND TO BE HONEST I DO NOT LIKE IT .
Just be your self and good luck
No matter what happens you will no how he feels afterwards !
If that does n't work then just keep yourself busy always .
Think about it , you can get naughty and never get dirty .
Congratulations . do not forget the invitation and the wish list : - )
If I 'm in a terrible marriage ( I hope I wo n't be ! )
I smiled and the rest is history ! !
Flowers and candy chicks dig that stuff dude !
You should ask him , nothing says you ca n't .
Chat rooms are just a tease to me .
Quitters never win . and winners never quit .
We have 2 kids and I love him veary much .
# 3 if thou has patience thou can conquere anything
He cannot wait to see you ?
But now i miss him and i want him back should i go back out with him ?
Yea if you like him , have not you seen Friends lol
I Have always had feeling for her too .
That Is all if he says no do not keep askin let it go
Passion GET AWAY FROM US IF YOU WAN NA BE MEAN ! !
Please PLEASE GO TO COLLEGE and do something useful with/for yourself .
Ripe papaya . chili . something hot . chocolates
Well i am not a mother i am a teen but what i say is just follow your heart .
He he falls over.lol.do not bite.lol.oh , eat a breath mint and blow gently .
How do i solve this dilema , its nerve wrecking , because i really like her .
Sacrifice your career and then she  will complain that you do n't bring enough money home .
Very DIFFICULT AND VERY EASY AS WE MAKE UP OUR MIND
If you do get married then you should thank your aunt .
I mean girls always like surprises .
We Have only been dating close to 5 months , and we  are in the ages of 14-16 just so you kno
In some corner of you are heart says that to go n talk with her express you are feeling .
C'mon that makes no sense at all . You really liked the guy and you pretended not to like him ?
With love and a good new project in life
So i might be setting my self up to get hurt
Ask her if she 's met any guys too .
They probably wonder if she can spell
Ok velma and shaggy no but Fred and dalphane yes but in real life no
If you are going for family planning ; then better take care dude : )
Stop and think about each women .
If you wan na that presentation you can mail me at shakya.b @ gmail.com for that .
Of course he has feelings for his wife because he will never leave her .
He would realize what I mean to him and what we mean to each other .
I am in a relationship with this boy , but my friends do n't really like him .
Just SAY HER SORRY , , , SHE WILL BE URS . TRY IT
Now she is dating another guy that I 've always hated , and its tearing me apart .
He might just get the hint , if not , then say , Hey , why do n't we go together ! ?
Ok , she may just not be ready to talk about it yet .
Thta smy naber popen 0020125036491u can coll me
You know i am not a man but my ex from long ago .
Cuddle with me , hold my hand , hug and kiss me , then have amazing sex with me !
I doubt you  will watch much tv .
I Am havin trouble with my moms bf .
Have her get checked , ya know for stds .
But maybe you can say , I want to get married , but I am not going to wait .
Yup dear because its a part of marriage having sex its an action of love
When they try to pick on you are be arond you alot why
Turn the situation around for him and see if he still feels it 's innocent
Not to many men like that .
If you r talking about urself , you are not suppossed 2 b on YA if you are under 13 , and NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! Do Not !
True love comes along when you least expect it too ! ! !
He likes you if he acts mean or acts like you do not exist .
If she has nice arms she usually will have a nice body
Yes you should , you trusting in a guy is as important as a guy trusting in you .
Maybe you are n't spending enough time w/ your kids so they misbehave to get you attention ? ! ? !
You said he cheated on her , maybe he 's cheating on you WITH her . old habits die hard !
There Is kids here and any 1 could lie and say there like 18
Small boobs are n't a bad thing . ugly boobs are .
Talk it over with your mom .
My best friend is worth more than money
And watch his face after you ask him .
I do n't want to seem rude . but what goes around comes around .
Seriously I  would be telling that boyfriend to hit the road .
It is not wrong at all
Because they are more risk taking and they make life more spontaneous
For men I think is better and bad .
Seriously I  would be telling that boyfriend to hit the road .
It is not wrong at all
For men I think is better and bad .
Is there any way you take him to an adviser ?
Say sorry , tell her you love her , write her a letter , show her how much you care .
He ai n't your 's ( he 's his wife ) and you need to stay away and get outta his life .
Its JUST UP TO YOU IF YOU THINK HE HAS POTENIAL TO CHANGE IN A GOOD WAY .
He knows he can look but he cannot touch .
G Moore - Other men have seen angels , but i have seen thee , and thou art enough .
21 and over : If his friends know your name , he likes ya !
You could say i 've gotten better !
And i am gettign worried and i cannot stop thinking about her .
Once you lose that you never get it back .
I know it ALWAYS hurts the kids ( esp .
The best week you ever lived ?
( Is that just angry love , hmmmm ) .
A fifteen year old has hormones telling her she is in love .
I 'm picking too that just what it is .
I want a bf who can be physically present in my life .
No BUT LIKE AT 1ST SITE
If you want to spend the rest of your life with that person , what 's 2 years ?
That Is always a turn on for me !
Around 2 years old if your trying to potty train try pull ups
In THE LONG RUN , IF YOU MARRY HER , SHE KNOWS IF YOU DIE , SHE WILL GET YOUR NET WORTH .
Sounds like you can save it if you do .
Any breakup is a hard one !
If she really is your friend you should not .
Hey man , you are best friends for a reason .
Think about it maybe you find the answer .
Hang out with more people and make a lot of friends .
Do n't do it to yourself you deserve so much better !
More than females do yes we need it more than you girls
My aunt married her boss , no problems !
Like get a girlfriend and paste the picture of both of you on line or ignore her .
Best of luck - not an easy situation .
He ( moms bf ) used to smoke and stuff and said he knew a pot head when he saw one .
If he 's a good friend to you he will help you take care of the baby .
If something does not feel right then do n't do it .
YOU need to tell them that who you go oput with is you are buisiness !
None that I can write here .
When you have butterflies in your stumache when ever your around him
That seems to knows what he wants .
I Am not gay but i am a bisexual & i want to have other peoples opinion on it .
I am in the same boat that you are , my man can not give it to me enough .
Just wait until you find the right person !
I was so mad at her , but what could i do ?
If a guy does n't want you , he 's not worth it and it 's his loss .
Try talking her out of it .
I want to tell my brother what I did , but I want to stop that crazy b * tch before .
Do something new , try new things out .
Some actually do care about a girls personality .
Then she is trying to her best to salvage a bad situation .
I mean , there are so many brothers out there trying to go for it , but only few succeed .
Hope this helps a bit.Good luck
Sleeping when it is cold , swiming when it is hot
> > Whatever you do , NEVER ask can I kiss you ?
A lot of local radio stations have sites like that . At least here in ohio .
I  would say yes no questions about it .
In your heart , you know what to do .
When you care about the person and they are all you think about , then you are in love .
If he is a gay how he made love with you night before he goes ?
My siblings are so annoying , i ca n't live with them .
I Think it all depends on how much you love the girl .
15 but then not again until i was 18
I guess , sometimes we wan na be bad our selves .
Umm . by never sayin that gettin a life and stop bein a jackass yupp that covers it
But that still does n't mean we do n't love you .
YOU have to find a girl first talk 2 them and find out what they want .
Just BE SMART ABOUT IT THOUGH .
Tell him he may be losing a wife .
YOU have to find a girl first talk 2 them and find out what they want .
Just BE SMART ABOUT IT THOUGH .
If he ask why tell him that maybe you should see other people .
Sounds like to me you take your vouls to heart .
Tell him he may be losing a wife .
But do n't make it a game forever , that just messes with everyone is minds .
But think about it . if it was not you in this position then it would be someone else .
Yeah I think so about fred and daphne , but not shaggy and velma .
You ca n't control who you love no matter what the age .
You  are a too young to worry about stuff like that ! !
Try to break his bones next .
We are only 16 but we have bentogether 4 3years .
You have to be born with that talent - like me
I mean , I like redheads and brunettes over blondes .
Get a whip and some leather .
Try to break his bones next .
We are only 16 but we have bentogether 4 3years .
You have to be born with that talent - like me
I mean , I like redheads and brunettes over blondes .
Get a whip and some leather .
Dump him and move on . ; )
Cuz there dangerous and they make us feel wild they intreega us and tempt us that is why
No girl wants someone who is fake .
Listen to Dr. Laura : stop being SELFISH and stay together for the kids !
Its like , what are they for ?
If he just wants to have sex then not long at all .
Who says you have to choose , LOL just kidding .
I 've had 6 surgeries in 2 year .
Your HUSBAND IS CHEATING OR ON THE VERGE OF IT .
Yah sure e-mail me at : down4anythinguwant @ yahoo.com or misslovable36 @ hotmail.com
No use to sigh for that one .
I 've tried that one and you ca n't force yourself to like someone .
Well , for one thing maybe they are good friends and the hot girl really likes her friend .
That means he kept the law right to the dot and comma .
Lol ; - ) Do you plan to get married and ca n't decide which ?
Maybe because they think since they known each other 4 a while they think that they r pretty
I have more feelings for my ex ( obviously ) and i want him more .
Always have GOD in your life always things turn out better that way .
Do n't know what a troll is , do n't really care .
Just be yourself and the rest will follow .
When you are taller then the C.N tower !
Yes i know a boy would date you are avatar
! grl , you shoulde n't be with a guy who has THREE luvers .
If your not a very attractive guy it really helps to be funny .
Anytime after major holidays so you will not have to buy anything for her ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Go out with your girlfriends and have a blast .
Her personality and her eyes and lips
Emailme and tell me if it worked .
My bf has one in his pool house and we fool around in there all the time
Just say the truth and choose one stuck with her and do n't live a double life like this .
By the way , you are a JERK ! !
That has happen to me before !
12 years old is still pretty young . you do not need boyfriend .
Do n't try too hard , just be yourself .
If the age thing bothers you , then do n't do it .
& not because you want to cheat him , but if you crave for physical relation with other man
I THINK YOU NEED TO GO OUT WITH A GUY LIKE ME .
Now he wants to get married and I love him so much.Should I trust him .
Also , do you know any cute names for babies ?
Just tell him he will be a dad no cutecies
Give it atry , but try not to get your hopes up.good luck : )
Now ALL WE HAVE TO DO IS GET OUT OF THIS DEBT ( WHICH WE ARE SLOWLY DOING ) !
He obviously loves his wife and has no plans to leave her .
The BETTER WE FEEL , THE MORE WE  ARE LOVING IT !
I myself do not like to chat , cuz Id rather get down to busness .
Give him space and see what comes out of it .
If YOUR GON NA CHEAT JUST END THE RELATIONSHIP BECAUSE ITS WILL NOT GON NA GET ANY BETTER .
Lots of sex good head and no bitching
No , you just use what you have , some guys like small boobs .
Nothin is happening between us anymore but i think its cuz were both shy . i am so confused .
Probably she needs a bf !
It would'nt be fair to the new guy if you still want to be with your ex .
Try to make him notice you and then let destiny decide !
B'cos women r never satisfied , never trust worthy and never accept the truth
Just do n't LIE this will only make it worse .
Oh yeah , and take out their garbage !
Trust me , your faithful uber wise
Just go 4 it , try not 2 get too attatched though
If she says no , do n't get discouraged , just try again .
Until you have fulfilled your career goals .
Maybe its the best thing you have to offer
Use a lolipop to practice on .
Well if you are bf iis married then let them be honey ! ! !
Is it that i do not mean enough to him and he 's not afraid to lose me ?
My BOYFRIEND WAS ON THE SAME THING AND I NEVER KNEW FOR ALMOST 2 YEARS .
They are a lot of fun .
They find their gf or wife whenever she is good in sex ( cute face and perfect body ) ! ! ! ! ! !
But since you and the girl are friends . maybe she  will understand what you feel .
Do Not you have some hw to do .
Ya i am thirteen beu_ford_123 @ yahoo.com she just wants to talk to people so s/you you all !
If you know him well enough you know what he likes .
If you are gettin your d ! ck wet thru the mail then yes .
It MAY OR MOSTLY NOT LEAD TO LOVE
A magical sentence you can tell him : do n't worry too much , easy , man
Sledding , horse back ridding and even visiting the local shooting range .
But he one thing you have to be careful of is to not send the message wrong .
It goes on the left hand next to the pinkey
But do n't forget to tell him your problem .
Because women want what they do n't have and ca n't have .
I think it should be HEY HOW ARE YOU ?
If you r in love donot deny it and work hard on you are studies too .
Hot guys can get away with that , so they do it .
If you are having problems and you two are n't patient , kind , understanding w/ each other than you are not in love .
Because you r still unmarriaged ( just kiding )
So EVERYONE IS HAPPY AND LOVING IT ! !
Its the present and future , not the past
Some girls like going faster/slower than others .
Talk to her about it first unless you do n't care
A Day he will never forget , of course after long hug and kisses
Write him a letter and expain that you DO NOT want him to cantact you again in ANY WAY .
I do not get why anyone would find that attractive .
My surest test is to see who my family likes . if my family likes a guy ( which they rarely do ! )
Ah - now THAT 's the question !
This is about the best fun i have had on the net
YOU have to decide whether you find you are friend or this guy more important to you .
And when i see her in school i get nervouse and feel like i am going to throw up .
Go out & have fun , learn about people .
He cheated on me right before he went in .
Eventually your going to want do it but do n't .
So that there is no way she does n't know you are alive .
Wait until you are BOTH in love or married . wait a minute . how old are you ?
Seems you ahve moved on already . or have you ?
Well it depends on how hot the person is
How old are you , if you do n't mind me asking .
Just say hi and admit you like her and get to know her .
Are you comfortable going out with her ?
Is not a quote it is an acronym
Swiming has an 'm ' where swinging has an 'ng '
In case you are opportunitiest wanted rich woman then must do little foxy works .
My answere is do not do anything to his wife you would not want her to do to you !
You need to run from her and do n't look back !
Do you what to steer up desires that should not be there ?
I took her out to dinner at an expensive restaurant ( never did that before in my life ) , and a movie .
My yahoo messenger id is jemmie_2004 .
Throw in a foot massage for fun .
Do Not be a pansy just go for it what is the worst that could happen
Any bf who calls an old bf , is not worth giving a second thought too .
Just enjoy being a kid for right now , if you are young .
And take classes and make yourself busy busy .
This means the guy probably likes you too .
* a person whom one knows , likes , and trusts .
Not ONLY SHOULD YOU GET IT BACK BUT YOU CAN SUE HER FOR THE RING BACK
I belive Shag & Velma are just 'friends with benefits ' if you know what I mean .
Oh , NO , WAIT , I TOTALLY DO N'T .
If he 's really your best friend you should not be ashamed to tell him nething .
Just say i nvr loved you
There is a delete for yahoo profiles , ,have done it a few times , , , you must just be missing it somehow . good luck .
If she repeats the offense , dump her .
But really though , the chat room is a place to go to escape , be someone your not .
If you want him back you better start talking . lol
Please have them be about love and romance . i need to post them somewhere ! !
Do you think he 's being honest ?
There 's nothing wrong with liking another person . it 's natural .
Flip a coin or choose # 3
Just keep your eyes open but go on with your life .
If your Mom says she does not trust you then SHE HAS NOT DONE HER JOB .
If it is for the love , then i do not see anything wrong .
Who do you enjoy more and what will last longer ?
Go through the whole do you love me speech with him then decied if you should break up
They think he is ugly , but i do n't .
( But they still ca n't baby talk )
I generaly last until i am done then i wait a few min .
Find the one you could live with.but i say if he keeps cheating he 's not going to stop .
Akward-fun . is a hyphenated made-up word ok ?
Think deep . and make up your mind - things will not change you have to do this .
I am one ( well bisexual ) lol
Because iif you do then this could turn out 2 b YOU-G-L-Y ! !
C'mon it 's her life , think of yours too .
I know we cannot be graphic but go to an adult shop .
Wow . it was in the movies . i was 15 . wait i still am . hehe . ummm i do not think i want to explain it !
And women do it too , you know .
And has been cheating on her with three other girls
Get married is the only cure , you will never be lonely again , and you will be happy .
If she is your step cousin i think its ok .
Already married and she is n't / was n't .
Time after time it will stop
Well if you do n't like her like that , do n't date her .
If he had the damn nerve to burn you with a cigarette , then sweetie move on .
First if she is holding her head high ?
What I want you to do .
Then you should flirt with him .
The next thing is to sort of hang out with the guy .
Now I can go to sleep b/c you helped me to realize how unproductive i 'm being .
As i know now , shangri la mactan has a location
For me I get alittle sad then I get really angry .
I do n't know ! . I just want the points . lol
I know it 's hard but you  are gon na continually ask what if ?
I have fought so hard to get to where i am today and you guys helped me realize that .
But i think she loves me 2 .
Only if they are not both from the same school .
It kept him from coming to quick .
Do n't get married - - do n't even be in a serious relationship with a girl .
I do n't like 'bad boys'they  are bad for a reason .
Say you love her , be sweet , and when you have sex ask her what turn her on .
Unless you do n't mind sharing your husband , NO !
My BOYFRIEND HAS CHEATED ON ME AND GOTTEN THIS OTHER GIRL PREGNANT , SO SHE SAYS , HE SAYS DIFFERENTLY .
Then say you want to see it too , but have no one to go with .
Chiquito , you need to grow up !
No WERE GO GET A LIFE ! !
My boyfriend does it all the time .
For REAL DO NOT TAKE THINGS TO SERIUS .
Or in other word : what the girls like in guys .
Contact me . with you are photo bunjeez @ yahoo.com : ) i 'm single too
Do Not believe porno mags and porno films !
If it was n't love then it would n't hurt .
Anybody can truly be in love , no matter how old or young they are .
I mean I LOVE my girlfriend , so therefore I am in love with her .
If your time is more occupied then you wo n't feel so left out .
You are playing with fire and you know it man !
All the girlfriend is going to do is waste your time and money .
If you need yo ask . the answer is NO !
Give her a new gift and then introduce her to a new bait , person !
Specially if its a wife receiving her loving husband
Tell her how you feel and ask her nicely .
The sounds you make , and the way it feels , and the smell of it .
If you are around the Okefenokee Swamp then let me hear from ya !
Because there a very few of them left
Be good to yourself , you deserve it !
Kiss her neck and suck on her breast .
These are just some signs that will help you I hope . Good luck .
Just be yourself and talk about everything you can . from religion , to family , to the future .
Ir its the right guy , you will know .
Probably few days later you could tell her . and she wold understand .
I have a rule : I do n't need who do n't need me
But you have to get your life back anyway .
It 's bad enough already do not make it any worse .
We are both bi and so I never have a problem meeting new guys ( or girls ) .
Say yes . unless i already liked someone else .
A great smile , that 's the hook .
YOU no , do not sweat the guy stuff .
Do you really wan na be a homewrecker ?
There is this girl i am madly in love with and i need help .
Well it 's up to you , but if i was you i will certainly wait .
Does it help to have better sex
It is very easy trust me you just have to use your charm and it is all you need .
Tell her why you miss her .
Take your time , do not hurry .
If you love him you can forgive him .but that do n't mean you forget
I would n't say i think sex is and it 's not at the same time
Yes why not give her some fun
Good LUCK FRIENDS ARE NOT SUPPOSE TO SLEEP TOGETHER .
I do not really know but i think i heard somewhere it was like 6 1/2
But never be a stalker that is out !
I hope I marry someone like you ! !
Would you go out with me
Yeap i have a super duper hot cool boy friend .LOL ! !
But still , it 's up to you .
And found out it can be nice !
( i ca n't stop crying ) i need help .
Easy edit you are profile then a screen pops and shows you are profiles .
Its NOT OFFICE ROMANCE , ITS SEX FOR MONEY !
I think you should wait til you get married because who is to say it will workout .
Do Not LET HIM SO SHIT TO YOU OK. that is not love .
Well the difference between love and inlove is very small : i and n
And start again after that i can keep on going until i am finished
But mostly because their scum and deserve to die in the fire of hell with cacti up their butts .
If a guy ( or a girl .
My best friend is getting married next week . me confused what to gift him . plz help me friends . thanks anyways
For MY OWN OPINION , I  WOULD RATHER CHOOSE MY BESTFRIEND THAN THIS GUY .
Hope this has been helpful Good Luck
No it is about the same .
A girl is not about her boobs .
Or a long weekend to paradise .
He should only have you. hope this helps ya !
Plus you will be doing your bro a favor because she is obviously gon na hurt him more one day .
Maybe you should try to be more open .
If you know the Lord then you know what love really is .
I Have given sex so well that it made her cry if that counts
But I guess you are either really young , or . kind of in the middle age .
. I 'm really just searching for the other side of the coin here , if it exists at all .
That eventually may lead to your spermcannon rotting off
Once a cheater always a cheater .
This guy i like said he knows what i am hinting what dose that meen ? ? ?
Guys love chest and ass so if you got ass then do n't worry .
Do N'T WASTE ANOTHER MINUTE WITH THIS MAN UNLESS HE IS TOTALLY HONEST WITH YOU .
Or ever a friendship with no trust ?
Do n't care much for ARE & B and have no use , whatsoever , for hip-hop or rap !
If she says she is changed , believe it , but do not be stupid .
You ARE TO YOUNG TO KNOW THE CONSEQUENCES OF FALLING IN LOVE OR TO ACT ON SUCH AN EMOTION .
Sometimes you just have to ask them yourself though .
To quote an old commercial : what happens next is up to you !
No girl if your hot then hell never dump you ! !
When the DJ asked for her husband she hands the phone over saying Here Baby .
Screw what these other people are sayin , Get that ring back !
Its BEEN OVER A YEAR NOW AND HE IS DRUG FREE .
Oh YES . AND WHAT A GREAT FEELING IT IS !
Then I know he 's got something on the competition : - ) Good luck .
Well i am kind of fine since i 've been up for 2 days already answering question .
YOU need to spice it up a bit , are you always doing the same exact thing ?
Why CAN WE NOT JUST HAVE THE BEST OF BOTH WORLDS
But , do n't you deserve better then a guy who is n't willing to offer a commentment ?
Well you have probably been banned or it may be you are age .
If she is really gon na kill herself then why would you be with someone who is like that ?
Right always comes when you least expect him to come
Lots of so called bad boys are actually nice guys putting on an act to get the girl .
Whipped cream and cherries : ) a simple girlfriend sunday mmmmm
He acts like he hates me .
And when you make serious mad money .
Because most pretty chicks are vain and they need reasurance that they are pretty
Because guys are all gay and only want one thing
But I mean , do n't worry about her .
Are you willing to wait that long ?
Do all of the above or just a few of them and you will be a-ok !
Everytime she says I love you , I love it !
I have 2 kids as well and was addicted to meth for 3 years .
Be around people who care about you stop lying
Because if you want fun then yea but if you want a serious relationship then get to know him .
But do not be really pushy after you kiss her ok because SOME girls do not like that !
Just sex & sex & sex until morning ! !
In the caribbean and the Bahamas you will love the sun sand and sea and r beautiful island
Some girls go to the 'bad Boy 's ' becuase there are so many around .
It changes people to people for me western girls rocks
Old is too old for diapers .
Amazing guy vs. i want him more .
Otherwise relax and take it easy ! !
Because all guys are complete jerks .
Just tell him boy dustin girl meagen , caroline
If you truly love each other than age is not an issue .
Dress nicely good personality good looking
Wear OPEN TOE SHOES WITH BUSTED UP FEET KNOW YOUR FEET ARE CUTE DO NOT THINK !
Find out if he still likes you then mabe go for it it worth a try
No because i just dumped him because he was a asshole
16 is way too early for that promise .
How do you end up being in love with 4 women ?
Dump his ass till he does what he promised .
I do this every chance I get !
Oh , and that never hurts either .
Do what 's best for you , always girl .
Lots of time and other people
Maybe you are just having a boss thing .
Maybe hes not sure you like him
No , y r you a serial cheater lookin for love
But if you want to move on , then its your choice .
Same pasition i am in . never say the 2 evil words though . just friends . they will both leave you
Leave it alone and get on with life .
In his/her arm , no matter where you are .
And some people , men and women , once a cheater , always a cheater !
Yes small women are very attractive
I f * cked my brother 's b * tch last week .
You do not forget about someone you love .
Well my mom left my dad when i was young he was an alcoholic and all that fun stuff .
Walk around naked , and tell me when and where you do .
My boyfriend lied to me . and guys r stubborn . cuz men r babies ! lol .
Answers , that is not wat its here for .
Yea my best friend it in love and she is 15
The hottest chic at the gym may not be available , but she MAY have a sister or friend . !
B e honest and truthful to her .
Does that mean she does not want to change ? ?
I do n't really need or want one but I just really want more people
I do n't believe in putting myself out there .
And NOW I AM GLAD I HAVE STAYED .
Normally , I would just say she needs to stand up to her dad but SHE IS 16 YEARS OLD .
I would n't go so far as to say once a cheater always a cheater .
( use your own way , not someone elses .
She actually gave you the real number ? ? ? ?
Now where is that kind of a girl , haha ?
How well do you know your current boyfriend ? ?
Yeah LIKE BIG DOG SAID IT IS UP TO YOU .
You must talk to him now about this situation , if he still hits you , get out now ! ! !
I had similar experience last summer .
Alot but most of the time there not smiling at my face but another body part
Act like its no big deal .
When there is a great love between a husband and a wife !
You Are not stupid . it 's natural 2 have that emotional attachment because both of you shared your deepest feelings .
I know my boyfriend & me have fun trying different types of condoms .
Do you know if he has feelings for you and if he does are the same .
Am I too sensitive or he 's just not right for me ?
At youth group this girl is always flirting .
30 - 40 years from now it should taper off .
I personal say wait till after it will be worth it , but then i did n't and regreted it later .
Well . i hope it turns out ok. Whatever you do , do n't send him an anonymous note .
Keep THE ROMANCE IN THE RELATIONSHIP , FAMILY RESPONSIBILITIES , OR NOT .
But i do want to have my chance . or maybe i should jsut wait ? . i do not know .
Why not invite him to come on some group outing ?
That is the biggest bunch of crap I 've ever heard .
I Am only kiddin they should not use any . just be a gentalman and not rude
And stop having sex to GET someone to like you
And WHEN YOU DO FIND A MAN HAVE ONLY SAFE SEX .
C i would like to go w/ you
Because she 's not faithful to her man . or vice-versa .
Well i am no expert at this but i have loved a boy before .
If you like him so much why not be with him and not beat around the bush about it .
YOU 've been hurt and you wan na get them before they get you
Yeah baby , leave his behind and get with a real man who knows he likes women
No not at all is wut i would think but dependin on tha person she just mite .
I went with the friend and we tried the relationship thing .
YOU can FEEL the GREAT TASTE of TO BE LOVING after thinking like his ways .
YOU can tell me what you want me to know
YOU should have sex when you think that your ready for it
If YOU CA N'T STOP THINKIN OF HIM .
What if he went for her and not you .
I know just what you mean .
So that you break into pieces
Your still young do n't rush things .
If your bf is smoking leave him .
A sex with someone you love that know how to do it
In about a week I can relize I 'm in love
My ex did - then again that is why she is my ex now .
I HAVE NEVER KISSED A BOY !
Show ME YOUR PIC AND TELL ME MORE ABOUT YOUR FEELINGS AND . I  WILL LET YOU KNOW .
Its MORE OF A HIGH SCHOOL THING .
Most of the time she tells she just loves to see me.she feels happy when i visit her .
But you  are not sure if you should ask her out ?
Just walk up and start talking .
YOU never know what else he 's hiding from you .
Why would you want 2nd hand garbage ?
I think you should go for it .
Nope . We have nothing else to do .
If he 's not interested than he will say so .
Anyway do you and you will be ok ! !
Though in my case it was love at first type ; - )
Live your life , and have fun .
Not married but di have the kids though .
You ca n't MAKE anybody do anything that they do n't want to .
Its best when you get a Nut quite honestly ! !
My boyfriend and i have been together for over 5 years .
Depends on how old the woman is herself .
Start it with things i want to talk about .
That 's a tough one is n't it ?
Firstly , i am a girl so you can trust me .
He might be from the other realm . aw shucks dis means i am stupid , oh brother .
Even i think bout it sometimes .
In my opinion it first has to be with someone you know ! !
Who do you think about before you go to sleep ?
There is only lust or crush at first sight .
Wait till a girl finds you .
The tempation was so great that he just kept going back on the net .
Give him an ultimatum ( which rarely works ) or leave him .
Ya know , guys think a like so your ' e not alone .
But adding the blonde and hot just makes it even better
Do Not worry not all men are like this .
Thanks for amswering my question earlier .
I like you brother wonmen will never undersand becasue they are differnet than men .
And if you really really like him . fight for him .
How IMPORTANT YOU THINK ABOUT THEM ALWAYS , LOVE THEM AND PROMISES THAT YOUR LOVE IS ETERNAL
Why do n't you go ask your mom
And yeah , you do sound like an alright person !
Then you get the hell on .
A guy who can dress and knows how to treat a woman !
; ) Oh , and put me on your buddy list so I can stalk you sometime . lol
If you TRUST him then do not worry about it .
My boyfriend who is in the army .
I do not have gf but i used to have 8 .want to get together ? ? ?
She obviously has someone else or she just has cold feet .
If he is such a great guy why do n't you hook him up with some of your friends .
Chatting dirty is just like watching porn .
Maybe THEIR NOT YOUR REAL FRIENDS !
If you are talking about smoking it . then no .
If not , let go of it .
Well , give each other a chance and do not put your heart in 100 % first .
Go outside and you will see one i am sure
I met this lovely man from africa and i am trying to get him here with me .
So NO , YOU WILL ONLY HAVE MORE PROBLEMS BY TRYING TO KEEP IT GOING .
Hey , If they can get away with it then more power to them .
I go with this boy but i f'ed up when i told him about my friends busness .
Some things once done can not be undone , do not regret you are actions .
Some time i would go for a bad guy , because they make you feel bad and i 'm a girl
Oh yeah , ALL sites & talk lines are FREE to woman.JUST PICK ONE OR BETTER YET , . JOIN THEM ALL ! ! ! !
Is because you are waiting that he ask you as formal girlfriend
Hey ONLY WOMEN JUDGE OTHER WOMEN FOR SLEEPING AROUND ALOT .
If you think he likes you , then your probably right .
For example if you did not go out dancing then well start now
Eres la mas preciosa mujer en todo el mundo
How can I for sure tell ?
Then ASK HIM OUT IF HES SINGLE ! !
Possible divorce w/minor kids . home w/mortgage . spouse will fight .
You should be honest , honesty is very important .
I Am just so confused right now .
Any girl who does n't know should n't be flirted with
I Am not big flirt , but i want a chance with some nice guys .
My uncle has called me beautiful . so that does not really count .
Yes what were you thinking o my god
Nobody ca n't force you in what you do n't want to do . HAve fun .
And as the song says It 's in his kiss ! !
But you do sound attractive !
Glad force flex lol good name for a hat
I would play hard to get .
If you  are asking , then it 's probably not love .
If you are not satisfied in the bedroom it is you are own fault !
I want to have someone that likes me , best .
Do n't lose your temper , and do n't get drunk .
If you like him and he trully loves you. go for it .
I 'm still with her , we  are gon na get married sometime . How awesome is that ?
Sometimes but who likes to do it in the grass .
Buzz me if you want , single as a saint here . same Yahoo ID .
I had my first love ( was it ? )
! , , , ,its one of the foundation of the relationship ! ! !
To be loved and not cheated on
How many guys do that and why ?
Below 21 and you should get married FIRST
Yes , i know her . man she is hot .
Tell him you got ta do what is best for you that its just not clickin anymore .
Make a special bond between the two of you .
Absolutely . NOT . but most girls are not WISE .
You could at least give him a chance to explain , or defend his self
Just try to savor each that you guys spend with each other .
You  are always doing this to me !
May be you are not yet ready for commitment
Yes , all girls . still get along and happy .
Japanese , eating with sticks is fun .
And make it a point to show her how much you do .
* * * * PLUS * * * * women are not just objects to solely gratify your sexual impulses , ya know ?
It would just be . unexpected , unwarranted , unwanted even .
Go for it.if you like nothing should hold you back.ADVICE JUST DO NOT GET ON HER BROS BAD SIDE
Hang out with them without M around .
At a movie when the movie is over !
Ok but we do n't even date again yet .
Depends if she a good girl or a freaky girl .
And no 28 is not to late .
Or , if you want a little less stressful way .
Ok but we do n't even date again yet .
We BOTH like it better that way .
Depends if she a good girl or a freaky girl .
And no 28 is not to late .
Or , if you want a little less stressful way .
Over all , you just should be the one to call him .
Theirs lots of boy 's so do n't sweat the small stuff .
Maybe not being a big talker is a good thing .
Do NOT repeat DO NOT PICK UP STRIPPERS ! ! ! !
Love ya , i hope i helped .
Just go up to him and say Hi .
But never get her a crapy gift like face wash lol
If something ever romantic happens , kiss him on the cheek . then it  will happen ( the real one )
Money is not every thang to girls .
Normally people arnt so good in a relationship when they have the same sign try a tarrus
Especially if it came with some communication .
Gul , you gone get a whoopin ! !
My girlfriend doing me a massage
You cannot get dallas into anything but video games lol sorry aarons the same way
Nope , not in love at all .
Words mean nothing , if you you think about it , words only create deseption .
But if he likes her better , and she likes him , then you are out of luck .
Try to sneek aroud and find out the truth do not get cought
I have the same problem but it is the other way around !
I Am not really sure but maybe she misses you . but dude do not expect anything .
Or you could simply walk outside down the street and she could be right there waiting for you !
Thanks and welcome to yahoo answers !
( nobody wants to romance a cactus ) Good luck !
If you like eachother and have a level of comunication , it 's ok !
That Is the only real question you need to start with
Yes if you like the boy
I did hit him and just looked at her and then just left taking my girls with me .
Another reason is ( I do n't do this myself , but have a guy roommate who does . )
Just move on- you can do so much better ! !
I Am 25 , my ex is 28 and the other guy is 22 .
Therefore , we hear a lot of lies !
And you would not trust him .
You just have to feel it .
Cuz I can sure see myself in your pants !
Nice guys do n't get laid - thay can maximally become a friend .
Find some thing new and different .
The best way is to learn how to flirt and becoming a charming person .
Now I guess it is time to say GO SEATLE !
I tend to be shy around people I just met
You will only make your life with him like hell !
But we appreciate it anyway : )
A guy can only wait so long .
I knew he was a good man that is why I stuck around .
So i would say they are .
She do n't know what she wants .
Its SORRY TO SAY BUT I TRIED IT ONCE MYSELF , 10 YEARS AFTER WE FIRST BROKE UP .
But anyhow the relationship got worst around the middle of our 2 year together .
If you have a bf , he should be the only one you like in that way .
What 's going to happen when you end up pregnant again ? ?
Their are guys ( like me ) who think about it daily and that is nature for guys .
No matter what you do or say nuthing will change her mind
Chocalates and flowers but if you want expensive go with jewlry
If he is a friend be real with him only if you DO NOT VALUE your friendship .
You still want to be friends with the other guy .
I do n't think my ex husband ever said he loved me .
Do n't rely on pickup lines to pick up girls .
YOU cannot forget you are X . never Bcoz you r made of XY . Mind it .
I 'm not white but i 'm a freak.and can make you love what you get. ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Maybe your wife encouraged them to see if you would act on it .
Because YOU DNT BELIVE THE ONES THAT SAY THERE A GOOD MAN .
You should ask her out if she likes you and you like her .
But most women do date older men it feels weird dating them younger ! ! !
Obvious : He looks at you a lot .
She is twenty years of age
Just write her again , if you still want to , that is .
Learn how to give great head .
Yes girls want the titanic not a little sail boat
If you do n't , or he says what was that for ?
Go back to the drawing of dating , write a love letter to her and mail it to her .
Lol . That is the funniest thing I 've read in a while .
Just say it , do n't think too much about it.you  will fell better after that and maybe you  will do even more
Not real until they prove it !
And then it 's a lot of taking and little giving .
If she does not call or answer , then move on , she 's not worth you are time
Tell you are friend to think about that .
No no no . it 's a great idea !
No who would want to be you are gurl friend ?
Do n't wait for a guy who wo n't commit .
You are a ass if you can just do that to someone
I Am married and I go into chat rooms with other women .
You wo n't so give it up .
Myself , i  would never cheat my girlfriend/women .
It is really hard to get over someone that you love
It sounds like he likes you alot and you need to grab him befor its too late
She has just me in her life .
Let him know in a NICE way
If your gon na hit a man you better be willing to take it .
Remember : Be careful what you ask for , as you just might get it ( D & D axiom ) .
Do n't be afraid of women just be yourself and she will love that more than ANYTHING !
Get to know him well , if he ditches you then you  will know .
After all it takes two to be a couple . but one to break it off .
I do not care what you think about him i like him and it is not your chioce .
But it did n't work to well considering that I still like him .
Its IMPOSSIBLE , IF HE DOES NOT WAN NA TALK TO YOU AT ALL , THEN ITS OVA FOR GOOD ! ! ! !
Let him go no calls , nothing .
Mostly because in chat rooms the people do n't have to see who they are insulting .
Hello , I know exactly how you feel !
Ask someone in your neighbourhood . HOW CAN I VISIT YOU FROM SINGAPORE ? ? ? ?
Get out there and meet people . have fun
I was just wondering how guys think of women for example : their favorite things about girls ( besides BREASTS ! ! )
That would be a good clue if you do n't have one !
No , it just means your ex-friend is being nosy .
You shoulda just said see ya ; if he really believed that .
If some guys do n't look for these they are not worth it .
I personally liked it a lot .
Get a gf . duh problem works it 's self out
Coz it is within . the only reason y people live is love
So , When Is the lawn getting mowed ?
Have you ever done it behind has back ?
Because they are immature and stupid
Guys just think they can get away with it .
And eye contact . its all mind games .
But then they might not do it because we women are like elephants and never forget !
You dress like a hooker and stand on the street corner !
He might be worrying about the same thing !
Tigress refuses sex right after first experiance with a tiger .
Hey gal , its da guy wit da ( are there any single michigan gals/women lookin for a date ? )
Id have to say get out and meet some men in your area
That way no feelings get hurt if your carful
He cheated on me now every time we sleep together I think about that , that is pretty unattractive
So easy to answer so thanks for the two points .
Is he trying to avoid you ?
Depending on the type of grass .
And also think of that girl she could be your daughter ; ) Good Luck
Then if something happends in you are realationship like say he cheats or somthing go out with you are friend .
A trip to either Las Vegas or New York would be really awesome ! !
Your ex is the one who screwed it up for you guys .
2. but when a girl propose to a boy . boy always accept the offer . cuz 98 % are sexaholic .
And what do guys like from girls .
If you ask at least you will know : )
Because you ca n't find him reading this email !
How do go about dating my ex 's co-worker ?
He and I are pretty good friends and I 've liked him since last semester .
I DO N'T KNOW ABOUT YA  WILL BUT I AM SRAIGHT SO , I WOULD PICK BRAD PITT .
It 's fine , , , why would n't she do that ?
Who SAID THAT ALL MEN ARE SELF CENTERED .
No , thanks for reminding me : (
You can never tell what or how it is .
But you should still let her see him .
Neather , its his his heart that matters .
Only if your mom is not in the bed
! If he loves you he will come back for you ! !
Hey beautiful What Is your sign ?
If you are here then add me . saleem_nawaz
I love my husband and he loves me !
Comfort her when she is down .
Just remeber that she will like you ether way .
That Is JUST PURE NASTYNESS AND SLACK .
My grandma always said two wrongs do n't make a right .
Boooooooyaaaaaah . Well it 's like this . You hit him then he hit you back .
The third reason I probably would n't ?
Do n't date , that is n't what I mean .
And then try to talk to her .
That Is my opinion Love ya Caroline
Have you done this behind his back ?
Just be caring , happy , show how much you love the person the you are dating .
But never try to get mead at the if it is not called for
Hook up with someone new and better
If that what makes you happy and him then go for it .
How does an 8 year old go about kissing a boys ' thingi ?
No no no once a liar always a liar ! ! !
My ex still loves me and will not let me go .
My wife did not like me on the lexapro-really irritable .
I DO NOT SEE NETHING WRONG WITH IT AS LONG AS YOUR HAPPY !
No , But PeopLe On RoOm RaIdERS Do IT ALl The TiME
I did and now i am married to him .
Sorry , I do not like hats , instead i like caps : )
Maybe you are in love with the initial liking phase and after that you are ready to move on .
What would you like to talk about ?
If a girl catches her guy cheating , she chould kick his a * * .
Have you are finances together before marrying her though .
He 's already in my system , cannot get him off my head .
YOU need to let her know something before she decides to move on .
Just choose the one you like most .
If you can sacrifice by you are family , you are job and you are life for her .
Remember better or for worse , i do understand your not married to him .
They probably go to sleep cuz they have work in the morning
Why DO YOU WANT TO HAVE ONE WITH ME ?
It means that he is interested in you .
Or why not ask him out and see what happens .
I really like a guy in one of my classes .
Sorry , i think you blew it , , , , , , , , , ,he will always remember what you did
Tell him to take a fyling leap at a rolling doughnut !
The guy maybe married and having an affair with you .
But i do not want to break up with him .
You do n't need her and she only thinks she needs you .
Not to get all religious- but I truly believe it
I do n't man just fashion , a flashy car , etc .
Wut he lieing bout , add details and ill add to my answer
Somemen like alot to hold on to .
It DEPENDS ON HOW MUCH YOU LOVE HIM .
Yeah I love to watch the sci-fi channel .
Why do so many people do this ?
Hell yeah girlfriend , but ask him out.guys think that is cute .
Just need to know how old you are email me at blockboy12 @ yahoo.com
But for gods sakes shutup about your nasty past to your new man . he does not wan na hear that garbage .
And she was living with me .
Please state whether you are m or f folling the answering thanks
I 'm Not In My Mid 20 But I Want To Get Married Already
I Am in the army and my wife to be is a civilian
Giving excuses which you think cannot really be true ?
And its always great when it lasts for hours , you try new things and new positions ! !
Well stds pregency and love and morals and relgion
Noone wants to lose a friend .
If he 's abusing you , get out , at the very least .
I 'm a girl and I do n't care that much for money .
You obviously have an obsession with men who cheat . sorry
Should I tell him that I love him ?
Tell him to go to hell and kiss your a * ss on the way he has not changed
He met A very sweet young Lady And She got Pregnant and The baby died from sids shortly after .
It ONLY COUNTS IF YOUR MARRIED OTHER THAN THAT YOU CANNOT TRUST IT .
Ever since then I watch out for the hidden agenda 's
Writing about your intention to do so on Yahoo !
Do n't let it be about you .
Or should I give his co worker a chance ?
Three Fwd Wishes : Grace = > Mercy = > Peace .
Ask her best friend or sister or mom .
In other words do not join in with him .
Divorced so we could stop fighting .
Personality . they may be hott but who would want to da te a complete jerk
Please . tell him to get lost and start a new life !
Listen , but do n't be a schmuck .
If a guy has nice abs , i 'm head over heels .
Call him and talk with him as friend
I love to talk with you my id is tosalar @ yahoo.com
A realization that they are better off and happier without you .
Men are funny in that way .
Becaze your too young my dear .
I am not the one but you can talk to me . My id is astra1_v @ yahoo.com
Because i have had people like that . but then she took them from me , and now they are hers .
I find this statement somewhat odd and I am not sure exactly what you mean by it .
No you do not have to .
21 days now we are happly married 9 years and still in love
No wonder some people die single !
Ask yourself if i were in his position would i have i 've lied ?
Tired of dating 4 now , cuz it all ends up d same way .
If someone else asks you out SAY YES ! !
You  would know he 's in love with you because he would n't be married .
I do not make him wear one ans then you will not have to woory about it
She knows I love her , I even made a website about her .
None they are all pathetic and gay
My X of today . : ( an i thought we were doing so good ,
I sense much love in you !
Nothing beats lusting with your true love !
Man fall in love with their eyes and woman fell in love with their ears
I want to see her movie .
It 's better than women dating younger men
An honest guy , who do n't have 10 girlfriends , and wo n't cheat on them .
Move on and stop stalking him , its really not cool !
Be trew to youself and your feelings
So ITS HARD TO SAY BUT YOU DESERVE BETTER THAN THAT AND YOU WOULD ONLY BE SELLING YOURSELF SHORT .
Do n't do it in you parent 's bed .
YOU do n't think condom is best ?
Let her know you think she is sweet !
Get on with life and find something better .
Maybe different foods will spice things up ?
Let her fight for you for awhile !
Well thank G-d I do n't have to worry about you screwing around and getting some girl knocked up .
But it does mean that he wo n't be dating ne one else either .
No but they like 2 b spelled correctly two
When he become poor and you still want him .
I always date nerds ( they make great boyfriends ) so gaming is something i 'm used to putting up with .
People surprise the hell out of me .
I do n't care how much older she is .
Many still are and waiting for the mr.right to come for them .
Uhhuh , WRONG , were'nt much of a friend were you ?
If you are hiding things from your bf , then , yes you are cheating . deception is not a good thing
Should I tell him , and what should I tell him ?
I think that if more people had confidence they would not worry about what other people look like .
You usually do not see hot men for T.V .
Alot of these sound really fun .
You seem like a cool cat !
God will put you together if he wants it that way . Good Luck and God Belss !
You NEED TO HAVE A TALK TO SEE WHAT IS THE PROBLEM AND IF NOTHING GETS RESOLVE .
Does he have a wierd last name ?
Under 12 is just sick in anyway put .
Maybe she should just get busted for possesion
Here is a tip , who do you dream of ?
That usually works for me ( but I have my own questions to contend with : - } )
And your brother will always have to live with it , i say you should
Between 15-18 and then wait to get married till late 20 's and save urself for you are husband
Do Not WANT TO END UP BEING STUCK WITH HERPIES THE REST OF YOUR LIFE .
As The Same Way That You Find Me , Honny !
Besides , there are better guys out there .
) , and know they wo n't get it from most girls that know they have a g/f !
It depends on how old you are
You might want to check out both of these sites .
Feeling and he has been flirting or wanting to .
Vanilla , fresh fig , musk , black cherry
Lust might be for fun but it is unfulfilling .
You are only a best gift for you bf
He may not like that , but at least you tried !
I 've done different positions and places when having sex with my boyfriend .
I want to know fast cos i am inquisitive.please send it fast to my email box
You will try to be happy !
If you ca n't have YOUR way with him , what ? ? ? ?
People think it feels better , and it does , but the child support sure hurts more
But , if you don ` t wan na wait anymore I ` m here and I ` m tired of waiting , its been too long .
YOU have to clarify issues with her .
If you are okay with it be careful
The guy that you have a lot in common with try to hang out with him too .
I agree , if she luvs you , then she should not care .
Just thought of it got my boyfriend horny .
Well , what I would do is just act like you do n't know , or that you do n't care .
You should n't let him cnotrol you .
But 2 WRONGS DO NOT MAKE A RIGHT !
Oh well , be honest with her and give it to her str8 .
I only WILL date the ones who are mature and do not minupulate education !
Remember , do not feel guilty or bad about yourself , i believe you are a nice person .
You can get yor answer in his eyes and by his attitude ! ! ! ! !
Who knows you know what I mean ?
If it is then she 's the one .
Men get crankier as they get older too !
Are you fun to be with ?
Show her how special she is and how much she means to you .
But ya ca n't live your life always wondering .
Including me and all you readers .
He only admited to kissing guys .
Its only outdated in hollywood and with lunatic liberals
( then giggle ) For the most part . men are idiots !
Sounds like a weirdo to me , dump him
Hey silly . You hit him first !
! Tell them that you miss him so much that you will die without him ! !
Let him fix his life , you said he has gone a bit bad .
And do not give him any reminders about your old self
And remember this one : Screw me once , your bad !
Give him a kid if you do not already have one and if hes mentioned hes wanted one .
I just wonder if people ever do recover .
Well if you were previously with her you should be able to talk to her .
Good Luck I hope you get the girl !
You can help it just do not do it .
Ummm . hon id tell her srry but that just would not really work out
Kick her 2 the curb.You Are young you have got a lot of looking time ahead of you .
Or just keep your maiden name
But they will do whatever they want because they never listen .
A guy just ca n't say 'no ' to a naked chick !
You cannot feel it at the moment .
Close your eyes after you end the date . and hold his hands
I do want to get ripped off .
Then call her up , and tell her that your gon na start seeing other girls .
This is a female talkin so i kno .
Are you a guy or girl child ?
If you want him that bad .
I Am not pretty but the pretty ones , think they  are all that .
Well , if you think he likes you then maybe you should ask him out .
If any guy says otherwise , he 's lying .
If they still do not leave give her your number and say something like call me when you have time .
Even if it does n't work , you will know ; and never have to wonder , what if ? ?
I want to forget all sad things and . Really painful . Any idea ? ?
Some are good and have good things to say .
I know i did and still do .
Just pray and give it all to God . He can comfort you just give it all to the lord ! ! !
First of all , how sure are you that he is cheating on you ? ?
If @ that time she still does n't want to talk then its over .
Lmao and AGE IS A HELPER TO GRAVITY so EVERYTHING WILL JUST START TO HANG !
Had one before but she did n't like soccer , ended up in divorce . single now
Who knows , maybe he likes you back
I asked her did she know anyone and of course she did .
I do a lot for my boyfriend and it 's because I love him very much .
Well tell about yourself . are you m or f , where you from and try a personals site
Commericals do you , i hardly see any , not that i wanted to but you get the point .
Its hard to just walk away i know it .
Save your life and do n't get married at all !
I think he likes me because he looks at me all the time !
She is always taking other girls guys .
I do . but I do n't know the answer to your first ?
If it 's one of his friends , and I find him cute .
If he loves you . he  will step up .
You can not turn a straight guy gay anymore than you can turn a gay guy straight .
Hi , Why would you want someone who does n't want you ?
Yahoo chat do you have yahoo messanger if you do emial me lil_ed_132002 @ yahoo.com we can commuticate
Mmm i don'yt even no !
Start thinking about your new wife
But he does not want to 'hurt ' me .
Boy 's toys . a laptop/PDA/some gizmo or sumthin .
I do n't know ! . I just want the points . lol
If there is no other way just talk to him
Ok , you probably love him because hes a good friend .
I am going to pray for you now !
That Is where the real beauty is
Yep , BECAUSE A RELATIONSHIP SHOULD NOT BE BASED ON MATERIAL THINGS .
If I did n't like her or find her attractive , I would n't sleep with her once .
Watch a movie or play basketball .
Girl . you ever heard that saying that says Good things happen if you wait ?
Who Is dan , why do not you ask him out again . or appologize or whatevers needed
I really hope that no guys actually answer yes .
Could you forgive them for anything ?
What if you fall in love with the other person ?
Be yourself do n't be too nice ( girls do not like realy nice guys )
He might think you like him more and he can not reciprocate
Start wooing her all over again .
Just a bunch of poor people without A/C so who cares ?
Yes they do they think their all that
So just wait 4 a time when you can talk with him alone and see what happens .
But I would n't marry a woman who would n't take my name .
Ok I do not care who likes this !
Like THE FIRST GUY SAID - - -DEPENDS FOR WHAT ?
You are LITERALLY flirting with disaster .
Why would you want a man who 's going to make you feel bad ? ? ?
That Is LIKE SAYING ALL WOMEN ARE GOLD DIGGERS
My boyfriend plays alot of sports and never takes time off to spend time with me .
I had a best friend ( who is a guy ) that I knew for 4 years .
YOU go tell him directly coz no one dies from love , trust me
That your flirting with other men with the intention of replacing him with some one better .
Yes i want to talk you and see you
I like him a lot , he is a good guy , but has been on dialysis for over 7 YEARS ! !
My mom told me to call her when I found the woman of my dreams - Horrible , I know .
I would have to say my biggest temptation is sex .
Girl can be aluring but dangrous , i think
Let the women decide that , i have a lovely hat myself . lolzzz
They  are the only friends I have fun w/ so what should I do ?
Guys do all the time , part of being a guy I guess
You make it sound like she is going to mow you down !
If she does not want to do it , chances are she does not want to know !
Cuz nobody wants to let the candy go out of hand .
You do n't want your anniversary to be an anxious day .
But if not maybe his bored ask him what you can do to spice things up a little
Nope y r you looking for a virgin companion or something ?
I want to still be friends so I need to say no nicely .
Cuz nobody wants to let the candy go out of hand .
You do n't want your anniversary to be an anxious day .
I mean everyone likes getting presents sometimes and stuff , but there are so many more important things .
9 months it has lasted 22 years
( or something like it ) . you can always say you were 'just curious ' .
Or am I just plain and simple got the hots for him !
And by all means . do n't be afraid to tell him .
Last I heard F O R D was taking the plunge in Canadah .
No , but better have some if you plan on going on dates
I do n't think this is even a question .
Umm that was kind of on the wierd side you should of jus talked to him up front
Just dumb people do ignorant things like that ( retarted )
It depends on what type or girl you like .
Do you think it is neccessary ?
Just do it as often as you can and when you ca n't then you have your hands Do n't you ?
One thing was on my mind > to get back at my -ex .
If you hit like a man take it like a man , but if you leave that is your decision .
How do you know when a man loves you !
And if i could be real , how can i get this website ?
Pure LOVE IS WITHIN . WE SHOULD ALL SEARCH OURSELVES A LITTLE DEEPER TO GRASP IT
So na he say dat he cannot trust me enuff to tell me how he feel .
He knows , but cannot accept that I Am gay .
Dump him you do not want it happening again .
I want to be happy all the time .
Well you might just want to tell your mom because your dad might try to kill you .trust me
Its the flesh demanding and the satan insisting , if you r married go for it .
I Am sorry : ) but i hope this help : )
There Is this guy in my youth group that I REALY totally like alot.Were both 14 .
But if you were just talking , hay it sometimes happens .
Yeah it does but it depends on the size of the guy .
But do not be to pushy when you call her because girls do not like pushy guys !
Well the older he gets the less things you are gon na do .
Go out looking and have fun with friends she will come eventually .
You guys got ta spice up a bit .
Hey , girl , I like your avatar 's choice of hats .
Please give me some advice about what guys do to girls they like or do n't like .
What if someone waits until after they  are married , and then finds out that their partner sucks ?
Who do you think about when you wake up ? ?
2 out of 5 American teens have an STI
Does he love you or is he in love with you ?
I mean , like do wutever you think will feel good .
Anyways just keep your eyes open and keep a close watch on him . good luck
Tough stuff for someone who 's just starting to mature .
The best way is to not do it at all !
Do ' they ever later on feel bad for being a jerk ?
They give you a whole lotta room for more lovin ' !
Go for it man , its not like ull be cheating on him or anything , you guys are not together !
Well , he pays attention to you in ways that other guys do n't .
Well how about joiing the army , get stationed there and hang around the german clubs ?
How sure are you that you had the best sex on earth ? ? ?
Its not gon na hurt anyone right now . later it may b a prob !
I like a guy from a different state how can i ask him out w/out asking him ?
If she is telling you You are everything to me DUMP HER !
You Are going out with him and not your friends .
Do you cheat on people ? - i am just kidding .
Because you  are scared and you have unresolved issues .
Tell her to KICK HIS ASS ! ! ! ! ! !
As long as you are not together you can do whatever you please .
I have dated a younger guy before and its nothing wrong w/ it .
I THINK YUOU ARE A HOTIE/W A BODY HUN ! ! ! !
I am a male and i admit when i ` m wrong.what ?
Wel make you are friend feel as if life without that creep is more fun .
: ) Nothing like sex after marriage * grins *
Take a deep breathe and just be yourself
It 's hard to do , but it 's definately worth it to have such a good friend !
I am a male and i admit when i ` m wrong.what ?
: ) Nothing like sex after marriage * grins *
Take a deep breathe and just be yourself
Someday they  will be fat , old and wrinkly and you  will be like . OMG !
Are you looking for somone who strips furniture or foundations
Maybe play w/your hair a little bit .
People STAY TOGETHER ( or come back together ) BECUASE THEY FORGIVE NOT BECAUSE THEY FORGET .
Someday they  will be fat , old and wrinkly and you  will be like . OMG !
Are you looking for somone who strips furniture or foundations
Maybe play w/your hair a little bit .
People STAY TOGETHER ( or come back together ) BECUASE THEY FORGIVE NOT BECAUSE THEY FORGET .
That 's . well . what sex was before the media started messing with it .
. and if he thinks your a moron for that , you  are wasting your time .
I Am NOT IN OLVE OR OLIVE WITH HIM AS YOU PUT IT . BUT I AM IN LOVE WITH HIM
I think its worth it !
I think you should try it out as a friend and see where it goes from there
My hubby is like that and so are most of the guys he works with .
Hi . i am 22 years old . just broke up with my boyfriend . i am single and very much available . 
If you love one another you will work thngs out
But i still love you as a friend ( that is to the person )
( do you know how to read the conversation after he is done chatting with these girls ?
Do Not think that hun its not true
I do n't know what else srry
Even if they wo n't admit it to there friends .
I tried to let go but did not work i am so in love with her .
Go out with him if you like him .
Can I be his friend ? . How did I tell him that I do not love him like b.f. and g.f. 's do ? . HELP ! !
If you want him you can have him and I hope you become good friends !
Seems LIKE MEN ARE LOOKING FOR $ EX FRIENDS AND NOTHING MORE .
= ) But you are a liar .
Becoz you can not rise in love
Ya know , subtle hints . and lots of um .
But after a year I finally told her and I 'm glad .
Have you done this behind his back with your girl friends ?
Do n't like my answer , do n't read it .
And if that does n't work , lay down the law and show her who 's boss !
Until you find him though , have fun with as many men as you find attractive and fun !
He will come back but he might do it again
Be YOURSELF AND LOVE YOURSELF FIRST !
Offer advice , tell her , subtly how you feel about her .
It still will not work.because mentally , you will alway remmber .
'motivate ' him ) without him realizing what you are doing ?
There is n't any other way sorry
.roomba . On the other hand , he might really want something romaaaantic . Nah , he wants something cool .
Its not really unethical , just . not . should I say politically correct .
I really do not knwo what to do .
Yes , but do not bite the tongue
Hot chicks LOVE nerds ( cuz we can fix all the high tech stuff they use ) .
Some people are just bored , some ar ehorny , some just wan na have fun at some other people 's horniness .
I 'm probably not gon na make much sense with this .
First thing that will help . Put your shirt back on !
Do n't make anything that makes them turn off ! !
Stress can ruin everything if you let it controll you
Life IS TOO SHORT FOR THE BULLCRAP !
The man of my dreams that is out there somewhere .
YOU can do anything you want . you are your freedom
No , acually you are not stupid .
See what he thinks about you .
First its him just controlling you , next its him eating up on you .
I am 21 and i would say good looking .
Do not do it run away PLEASE !
I know what it feels like to be cheated on and it SUCKS ! !
Women let guys screw around with other girls .
Do n't say stuff like , I want us to be close firends . or anything like that .
By not comming on yahoo answers trying to ask how to impress a girl .
I Am About To have to quate pac on this sex is best when its a fair exchange
Also if the girl has a larger opening it will not be as bad .
Then just talk to him about what he likes !
Oh boy , if you do n't know that I ca n't tell ya !
Notice things , tell her she is pretty . and be nice to her .
You just have to give it time .
. from someone who  will be very nice only while they need you more than you need them ?
It WILL HURT THA FIRST COUPLE OF TIMES FOR THAT MATTER !
Only if you are having sex with your mother .
A lot of sex , then they pass to another chapter and then they want a true relationship and love
If you have a pleasure toy , USE IT ! ! ! !
Or he will screw things up .
( do this during really scary parts .
My GirlFriend Ashley i love her alot i think of her everynight
Just BECAUSE YOU COME ACROSS SOME WHO ARE SELF CENTERED DOES N'T MEAN ALL MEN ARE SELF CENTERED .
You could make love to a guy by just letting them know you really care about them .
But are you really for that .
I do n't , why watch it when you can have the real deal ?
Where does she like to go ?
For the most part , do girls lie about love ? ?
( all ok Mom , go for it )
Once , my sister gave a guy her cell phone number that she just met .
Do something to get her to come to you
Then you should decide or at least it will make it easier to decide .
I honestly tried to stop liking him because no guy is worth loosing a friendship over , right ?
I would ask myself though . why ca n't he talk with me ?
I would say probably 16 and up just because anything younger is just a fling
Wait it out until you find the right girl .
Stick with this guy , he sounds nice .
But , my God , what a coach she was !
Have some fun and remember SAFE SEX !
Well kind of but not ya know read books and wears grandmas sweater .
I Am 15 , i do not live there but i have been there before
Start naming names ( ficticious ) or something .
He makes you feel so speical and wanted .
Take a break from him - at least temporarily -
Try to step back and take a good look at this boy friend .
Give it a chance . Love takes a leap of faith sometimes .
Some times like when it comes to looks .but no to eney thing eles
Well it involved silly string . we  will talk about that later .
Tell her not too , they have no idea what they are doing if you get my meaning
But if you are a very emtional person I do not reckamend it
I feel as though you just have not found that special someone whom you prefer to say , i do .
You do not have if you do not like
If he does like her better , then he 's not the guy for you , just go find another guy .
Get ready to be severly disappointed !
Or find something better so that your bf come from frist place to second place !
Just the snobby , thinks their better than everyone else ones
And someone cool to hang with and be around .
Unless of course you are very good looking and have lot 's of money too .
We wre good bed partners but not good lovers
But once a cheater-always a cheater .
You give your girlfriend a box of candy , a card , and flowers
Tell your boyfriend that your child needs a family .
He said he still loved her but i do not know .
If you violate her trust and cheat . born again single .
Since it 's valentine 's day , most restaraunts are going to be busy , florists will be backed up , etc .
I  will say it again , this was what I normally consider a good looking guy !
You have to ask him about takin it a noch higher than where it already is ok mama .
Ok , let me get this straight . he went was your boyfriend and then went out with your friend too ?
I guess . Because they are really stuped and really anoying . DUH ! !
Do Not generalize it by saying an irish girl is a good wife , life do n't work like that !
And like she keeps telling me that me and my boyfriend are on this supposedly called website .
He said he forgot about her but remembered her .
( we were dating at that time and now we 've been married 16yrs )
If you give bomb head he will NEVER leave you .
I know i need to give her space and respect .
My eamil is Tad_22_98 @ yahoo.com or just I AM me if you want on my Yahoo Messenger .
YOU can but now you ca n't by telling everyone in yahoo answer what you r doing
And guys make friends with girls in the hopes of potentially dating you .
Check out the book and read it with him .
Most people do n't care what race you r so they will just ask you
He  would want to move in & live there for free !
When it comes to looking for your one you have to pray
Only to loose weight from the rest of your brain
Check out the book and read it with him .
Most people do n't care what race you r so they will just ask you
He  would want to move in & live there for free !
When it comes to looking for your one you have to pray
Only to loose weight from the rest of your brain
It DEPENDS ON WHO YOU RATHER B AROUND .
Also , if he asks you why . tell him !
Next time he calls say hey , are you interested in more than a friendship ?
I used to date a woman who thought it was OK for her to hit me .
And they will not give it to me either .
Well , i do it , and it works on my sibs . y ?
Man up ask your crush out .
I thought i knew what you meant but now i do n't .
Which is kind of like a sickness that most men have .
How can i get him to change his mind ?
Just be your self and if he dosent notess you go up to him and start chating .
Its NOT RIGHT TO HAVE SEX IN YOUR MOMS BEDROOM .
I had the same problem with one of my brother 's fiance .
When you do n't have to worry wether the condom is still in one piece or not .
The best way to do it is : . well actually it kind of sounds like you have the ego thing down already
So yiea , long story short , go for it !
I do not know how he feels and i cannot talk to him .
From the main yahoo page , click on all y !
On the street , kiss , and hand in hand when not kissing .
Because he is sweet nice hott he is everything i ever wanted .
Call her again it shows your really interested .
Not me . y you askin any way ?
First and foremost , take your cues from that someone special ! ! !
Not really true . love sometime can be saddening .
Ever since the break up i have not seen him not crying
I HAVE DATED HERE AND THERE ( NOTHING TOO SERIOUS ) AND I AM READY FOR A RELATIONSHIP AGAIN .
Get him a beer mug with urs and his picture on it .
Very sorry i cannot help you .
I think I  would be pretty leary about this unless you  are just in it for the fun of it yourself .
Because if she get mad .
My motto is Once a cheater , always a cheater !
! do not say something exactly like but something where it catches her of guard but is not scary .why ? ? ? ?
I 'm in love with a crackhead .
Well I think you are having a problem in which most guys and girls have !
My question is this . I betrayed my best friend about 9 months ago .
He still walks by you a lot , though .
Strip him naked talking dirty and stuff .
Why do n't you go the yahoo messenger , find the chatroom & wala !
( if you are a party guy ) it all depends on what type you are .
Can a man and woman who have been friends then cross the line , go back to being just friends ?
Show up at my door wearing nothing but a smile ( with a six pack of beer in each hand )
Either way take a chance and tell him something good can com out of it ! ! ! !
Otherwise try the german version of yahoo personals
The way they look in tight jeans and cowboy boots .
Say something to showyou are n't going out with someone because they look hot
I had to learn this the hard way !
If he was hot then Yeah !
So that is where I came into play .
But really - this is invading your marriage .
Na . Because it will ruin your friendship !
You like jail time do ya buddy ?
Then again I do not know much of what other guys do .
Good luck and i wish you well .
Cuz then it will just mess up your life .
Well first off if he is acting like that then something is up .
Pick up lines are jokes and not used in real life .
* * * * * * * * * * is the best way to * * * * * * * * * * .
Ever since i was 2 my mom left me and my dad .
You are a young girl and you are not ready to go out .
What a girl wants is up to that girl and only her .
Because sometimes people get mad at other people .
Or if you want to still get with him you need to .
My ex works with this guy I like .
And , if you have been doing that for awile , you wo n't be getting it up like you used to !
But advise : do not lose you are virginity if you are young or unless you are in love or engaged .
Wow what a horrible place for you to be put .
Sure is . my husband and i have 4 kids . and met in an AOL chat room
No , it can go either way .
Umm just ask what is the worst that can happen .
You would want to make sure you have the right mate
Give you are contact email here and see to whom you want to tok .
I always thought it  would be fun to have a huge celebration for groundhogs day instead of valentines day
Try to be friend with her , if you like ; )
Did you loved eachother at apoint ?
I do n't know what you should do now though .
I Have seen a couple of your answers and you always seem to say it best !
Think these guy have picted you up wrong lol 15 that is greedy lol
( wear something sexy for him now and then . )
Go to myspace.com or enter a chat room on yahoo.com chat
Some guys are not big on the phone .
Well personally i am in love with a brown , but i think some blondes are pretty .
Say you g2g 2 a party that along relative is havin .
A smart and confident guy is a great turn on
As long as they r mature enuff to deal w/ someone older than them . then its all good .
Make yourself busy , so you would have time tothink of somobody who 's not thinking of you the same way .
I 'm sure this is something any woman would like .
I 'm friends with an ex that is married , and his wife hates it .
It sounds like you are just hurting .
What are you  are plans if you ever got any ?
Everyone wants a loyal bf/gf even though they might be flirtatious themselves .
Anyways i hope i kind of answered your question without being stupid .
I know some really hott nerds .
Yea its ok age are not nothing but a number girl go 4 it
We females like dogs , cats , cute and cuddly things , kids and some , mind you , like classic cars and motorcycles
Sh * t leave him alone and let me have a chance at ya .
But something inside said if I cared for my life at all , RUNAWAY !
If you slapped him first then he had every right to slap you back !
If she does n't then at least you know and you can move on .
I do n't know gurly , as they say once a cheater always a cheater .
On either your birthday or his/her
No its not cheatin . you all are just acting as friends .
Just be yourself and the right guy will pop up .
And most of the time , he would be the one calling me , just to say hi , and goodnight .
But I DO NOT KNOW THE ANSWER 2 THE OTHER 1 !
But it definately depends on the difference !
What do guys want in women ?
If she does n't worth it then leave her at once .
Just ca n't seem to find the one .
Listen dahling , it looks like your losing your mind over this guy !
And they want to look cool to there buddies .
Go from there . flowers & chocolate are always hits !
I would not , email me at sammy710 @ hotmail.com
Just friends who 've been through alot .
You  are like a runaway train without brakes . you must be some kind of gossip queen huh ? ?
I AM A SINGLE MOTHER OF 1 HAVE BEEN SINGLE BY CHOICE FOR ALMOST 4 YEARS .
Then why would you want him to change to a person he is not .
Some times girls do n't want a pansy ( although they wo n't admit it ) .
It 's really up to you though .
Sending her the poem will make her think you want her back .
Look , If you really like this person , just tell her .
I get about 7 to 12 a day ! !
I do n't think I want to know what your really trying to ask here .
Then call when he gets home ?
I know because i am their king !
Look , If you really like this person , just tell her .
I get about 7 to 12 a day ! !
I do n't think I want to know what your really trying to ask here .
Then call when he gets home ?
I know because i am their king !
And if she is like me , it does n't have to be the $ 75.00 plus dozen roses !
I hope it works out for you .
What ever you do , do it out of love for your family .
Your having a converstion or something and the wrong name comes out .
They are not computer addicts i get that from those type people
In plain language this means sex with someone you love is the best !
As the girl above said , its the other way around too .
Now we can be friends again .
Or Maybe she see someone else .
It was n't a very good kiss , but i did n't care he dumped me a week later !
I Am a good girl , but i am also a bad girl ( if you know what i mean ) .
I Am single and all that i talk to cannot be single or divorce.come on ! ! ! !
Somewhere around the time that puberty hit .
I THINK SO , BECAUSE THEY SHOULD NO YOU MORE .
And even nerds are hot too , you know that ?
Yes i do just enough to get a divorce from an abusive man .
And I came to realize that I made a mistake a little too late .
The way you move with him is ok up to now .
Everyone there thought it was the best wedding ever !
Ok I am getting really friggin tired of this stupid question .
Or offering him a bl * w job if he ever needs one real bad .
I do n't think his sister or mom likes me . and that 's a problem too .
Break up wITH YOU ARE BF , AND GET TO KNOW THE CUTE ONE ! !
Wow . that 's a tough situation you  are in !
If he wants to talk , why does n't he sit down and talk with you , his wife ? !
If you no how to kiss go for it .
Agree with virgo 13 is good my answer when you are ready
They do not have any common friends and . they are not happy .
Today it 's all about the bling bling , then comes love ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Only MY OPINION , do what feels right for you though .
You are only going to ruin the friendship and then what .
Just SIMPLY KICK HIS ASS AND TELL HIM HOW YOU FEEL .
You know the look your husband might understand if you shared it with him ?
If you  are a guy then click on the question that says Any cute 13 to 15 guys out there ?
After my boyfriend and i did it things got awkward but now we  are cool .
YOU are the man in the relationhip so make it known especially if you want her back .
Getting to merry the only woman you 've ever kissed !
And Jesus Christ never said a WORD about sex before marriage , you ya can all clam up about that .
Thanks for answering my questions before .
G-spot means a really sensitive spot in a womans vagina girls just love it
So there are women who hate sex .
But if they  are popular then they probably do !
Single , but hopefully not for too long
Follow you are heart , it should lead you in the right direction
She needs you now more than ever .
It 's pretty dumb if you ask me !
Once a liar , always a liar .
So no i am not gon na say we do !
So basically it just to depends on the people that kind of thing is happening to .
Once a liar , always a liar
Get you are own bed & house if you are going to have sex ! !
Take care of you ! . in you soul lies a great power . ! USE IT !
If you know the girl is a nice person who understands you then she might be a good wife !
Because everybody had experience on it .
But , I ONLY have sex with my wife .
He is FAG find a MAN
I mean you are not dating your jus talking or flirting so what 's wrong with talking to other people ?
A normal chick will not write you off if you tell her you like her .
I Have only slept with 5 people that means i am still a virgin right ? ?
If your looking for a younger guy . let 's say 19 I Am the one .
Girls break up with them because they  are just too nice ?
It 's fun to watch , if it 's not to anoying !
You got ta be a man first .
Ask yourself , what do you like about the guy ?
I WANTED THING 'S TO SPICE UP AND TURN ON THE T.V .
Yes some are pretty and some are not .
I WAS going to go out with his best friend , but then i liked my ex again .
Just tell her you want more , or ask her what she wants from you !
I had a crush on a guy from kindergarten to 9th grade .
Well you can talk to him ha ha ha not spy an him i would
I would not have a problem with that
What kind of a man slaps woman . a wimp .
Well you can try for his co-worker .
But keep it simple if you are just dating .
For a guy not to be all over her expecting kisses or sex ! ! ! !
Do what i cannot read the last word ?
I'am not , thanx for the pionts level 3 here I come !
You only get to make decisions for you .
Girls LOVE to hear they look nice or pretty .
Give him time to think meanwhile live your life and do n't worry for him .
Do you still thing of the 1 you thing you are in love with ?
YOU need to go for it.that will be showin you are ex what hes gon na miss .
If he 's being him true self and you  are being your true self and you  are drawn together still . that 's love .
Then try to attract him and make friendship with him .
Do IT IN YOUR OWN BEDROOM !
I hate it when guys try to buy me something or do it with out asking .
Would you or have you ever gone on GGW ?
Have the guts and tell him that or forever hold you peace !
My husband said i was cheating on him .
And she bugs the hell outta me .
I am young,19 , and a gentleman lol .
Black , WHITE , GREEN , YELLOW , AS LONG AS HE IS GOOD TO ME .
Kind Of shy about asking but really want see who else is looking for some fun .
That is why friends do stupid things .
I just feel that i am alright looking .
Why did she get in that biz ?
You find it easier to be friends with guys because other girls see you as competition .
Do you think he really likes me ? ?
Try to think about what you you did to get him and catch him .
Besides , he cheated on you , and me ?
If you are a younger person 3 days can be a problem for ya but normally no its not .
I have found what I think is the love of my life on line .
No they do n't lie about love
He likes you alot , so how much you like him ?
5 years - we are married for 15 years and still going strong !
I 'm talking about 3-7 years different . not a dady-like date : -D
That depends on what you think is messy ?
And after i thought about it i was in my own way .
Id like to watch that sort of stuff but I never have cos its too expensive .
Sit on his lap , steal kisses during some movie .
YOU live in california and you cannot meet a girl shame on you that is what i can say
Show him that you are over him , that you deserve better .
I would say yes . but i am realy sensitive to stuff like that .
It does not matter how people look at you .
No way , that 's how you get stds .
Ya jerry is the best solution
Be yourself and do n't worry about things so much .
When he does not have to ask
It is n't about what they 'like ' it 's about WHO they ARE .
And if he says yes jus tell him it 's ova .
Can you be like that with your boyfriend ?
Just be casual and do not move in too soon .
YOU said so urself , she 's probably confused right now .
You have to tell them that their pretty , hot , or good lookin .
Well what ever you decide I hope it is the best .
No , i think they almost never lie us .
Should i tell him i like him ? ?
She  would been my friend for over 2 yrs and I finally told her I was in love with her .
I was at22 years when i kiss my lover libs
And yes i think it could be cheating .
Never really no unless you ask-confront the situation which sounds very awkward !
You can join R J Kelly , Micheal Jackson in the kiddy molester hall of fame ?
I search for long time yet no one accepts me iwanna real relaxation
I have to agree with Kittie~ Hell Yeah it 's wrong !
I like my neighbor too . but take it slow .
Its like not impposible but i do not know how ! ! !
The best thing i can say is pu - sy
Cuzz remember jus bcuzz she luvs him duzzent meen he luvs her bck .
Bad boys are usually that . Bad .
So yes , women care about money .
He calls me at my phone . and at the dance he asked me to dance with him and i did !
Most guys that like you are obvious and will say so . some guys will no be so obvious .
Well when my husband stopped having sex with me he had another girlfriend !
But 2 wrongs do n't make a right .
I START TALKIN 2 HIM AND GETIN CLOSER AS WE TALK IF I AM FEELING IT
Try and make up . it can be her v-day thing
You smile at him , and if he reacts , something 's on .
But i would have to say it was perfect
Go to a sex shop and get some sex toys .
He has no right to make any ultimatums . tell him to take a BIG FAT HIKE ! !
Tell him and tell him good . Drop hints and be extra hot Be yourself
Girl you got ta just take matters into your own hands ! ! ! ! !
If they say no , then they do n't want to .
But he told you about so he obviously felt bad and regretted it , and you love him .
I actually got married right out of high school .
I did want to go out with him though .
Time to stop being used as his play thing . move on girlfriend
Yes , i cannot see anything wrong about that .
Maybe he is . and maybe he is n't .
And anyway , i am not the person to ask i am a virgin .
A woman who is nice and likes to laugh is a dead ringer .
Yeah , that might have something to do with it , huh ? )
If he says yah , sure , then give it all you got .
No that definetely would n't work out
But , it just becasuse he stopeed attending church does n't make him bad . Good Luck .
Are you old enough to have sex ? , No I do n't think so
For example if you wanted to ask him to the movies then you say : Hi ( Name ) !
What i hava to for make her to feel ?
You MUST LIKE SLOPPY SECONDS , , , , , DUMP HIM , FIND REALITY , , , ,QUICK
Do n't focus on wanting something you ca n't have .
Me but befor 17 years ago
All people should love you.and if they do not well they can bugger off.lol .
Yes if hes nice and comforting and hot !
Like if she could get pregnent or bad for the relationship .
That Is the way I see it anyway .
YOU should talk 2 her or give her a note .
I would like to know how .
Should i keep talkin to her or just let go .
Oh my goodness your in for a fall big time .
Good girls who are bad girls when the bedroom door is closed
He is your best friend , he knows you better than anyone , right ?
I am head over heels in love with daniel radcliffe .
It depends on how old you are .
Move on keep fishing unless you really like this girl give it one more try
Thru a fren . dats da mistake , boi .
Honesty and trust . 2 simple words but very hard to do .
If you  are in love with her , the best thing you can do is be a friend to her .
Ummm , have you tried to call him ? ?
YOU should try having you are own man , there is more fulfilment in that than sneeking around with other peoples men .
But he has denied it and said it was his friend writing the emails .
If he called , would you just ignore hime ?
Although the guy you think you are in love with , you probably are n't .
Love is a pain full game love is life
You 've just got to watch out on which signals you might be sending these guys .
What do you mean by bad .
Well i got mines at a school dance in the 6th grade
I know she likes me but she says she is in love with her ex .
Be nice to her hang around her more if you all have classes together .
Ask him if he has ever considered fooling around with you .
We must let any girl to be a good mother
Do n't assume every guy is like that .
Ya , just need to be more sure of you are self
I do not want any more , but love the ones I have .
Well you should ask god 4 help
If you have to ask , you probably are n't there yet - you  will know when you are !
And IF YOU LIKE HIM THEN YOU SHOULD GO OUT WITH HIM .
Lol some people are talkers , some are listeners .
So finally I just told him .
So no its not right for him to be doing that .
Take her out and get her some jewelry
My e-mail : fatthumb2000 @ yahoo.com and my yahoo id : fatthumb2000
Sometimes even the best of people are BLIND ! !
Hot guy 's knwo where to find the girls .
YOU should just tell them straight up but make sure you have a good reason y you want to
I do look for a response back and it seems like he does and scared to say it .
Use your tongue and put in his or her mouth
If you lke my advice then take it if not follow your own way !
17 or 18 . girls are mature enough to handle girl-meets-boy relationship at this age . believe me !
Love means you do n't have to fix yourself for them .
I always thought they do , if you keep in touch daily .
If you are eva on yahoo I AM look up my id dave2_000
I would n't want to give my # out to someone I really did n't like
Well its the pre-comitment phase . so enjoy it man ! !
The place might be boring but you might find friends there and you can hang out with them .
But you should never dwell on the past .
Definitely not legal . but hey , I could use the money .
You already have something in common and you have not even met her yet !
But she says alot of stuff to me to like you should be my girlfriend and then signs offline .
If you want the relationship to go anywhere you should n't be talking to other people .
Are n't you hating the orca callin ' ( female dog ) .
It will be very hard to get over the guy when you are still friends with him .
Oh and Drinking makes everyone horny !
YOU should not go out w/ him .
Their spouse has an obligation to them , not the one theya re cheating with right ?
Do n't waste your time or other 's
No bitching , is all i ask for .
Um yeah you should probably send him packing .
But sometimes girls are naive and well stupid .
Depends if you really like the person and they like you back .
Be yourself and spend time with guys not with your friends
There is nothing more to it , really !
No if he lied to you than no
And if she says yes you can go out and have fun .
No one likes to be lied to
If you think I should not tell me why not .
Because women set their standards so high in a man
If you really love him then accept how he is because i do n't think he would change .
Is there a possible chance that it 's a real website ?
Give him a chance if he is giving you one .
Is your feet tired cuz they been running through my mind alll day !
I wish you all the best ! !
I get 5 maybe 6 each day
I love that a guy is asking this question , it is very easy to keep the romance alive .
I always thought it was kind of fun
So get you are own man dearie and stop decieving urself about the Angelina Jolie story .
Love hurts and I will do it again
You just have to be yourself .
Cuz of what other people told them
Usually guys that do that , would first go down on a guy before kissing on the lips .
Instead of focusing on being angry surprize HIM !
Alright here the info this girl asked for space Dec 22 and the space would start Dec 26 .
You are looking for a bride , right ?
If its more of his appearance , then its very probably infatuation .
Alright here the info this girl asked for space Dec 22 and the space would start Dec 26 .
You are looking for a bride , right ?
It is like saying I love you while you are drunk . it just does n't count .
If its more of his appearance , then its very probably infatuation .
Do Not give up unless you know what you feel with the one your with now
Wow , where did you get a line like that ?
Take all planning into you are hands . HAVE FUN !
Love is not having to say i am sorry - so the movie say .
If that is not enough for this guy he would not be worth your time anyway
If YOU WORRIED ABOUT KEEPING THEN MAYBE YOU ARE NOT SUPPOSED 2 HAVE ?
One way is to simply ask & take it from there .
The same reason women cheat . because their partners are not around
If you are not happy , then you should not be with him .
Cuz then if that is the case you got ta get yourself out there to get noticed . best of luck !
Anti-obvious : He teases you about everything .
I know that it CAN and DOES pull many people in .
( But it has to be really good , expensive chocolate - not the cheap stuff ! )
Remember TRUE LOVE is unconditional . Like the love for a child or parent
It probably was n't all that bad but remembering it now it seems like it was .
And no , I did n't stay at a Holiday Inn last night .
Size DOES matter . ask any honest woman , but you do not have to be King Kong ( ask Naomi Watts ) .
YOU could tell him you are busy & if he asks say it 's none of your business ( nicely ) .
Tell them she has a bigger penis than they do
The one that your in love with keep .
I just cannot stand him having another girlfriend , but i do not think i like him .
Do Not use sex n your body for having fun !
But i also cannot leave my girl as if i do leave her , she will have no1 .
If you slapped him first you threw out all the stops first .
To think that sex gods would have a little respect for their parents bed damn it
Sounds easy enough , but trust me , it 's harder to find than you think .
Cuz good people do not sit on the internet all night and argue with people .
If you do n't want to be with him , just do n't .
He knows i do but i do not know how he truely feels .
Ask your girl what type she likes . she will let you know . that will help make things easier for you
If you never think like that then you should not give him such lift .
If you love your boyfriend stay with him .
I Have never met her , but we have spoken and she is on my mind alot .
I never thought of one before .
The key is to just hang in there and do n't give up !
Piledriver , on top , missionary , doggy style , holding her up , GO TO HELL . what ever you want
Everybody gets stung once in awhile though .
Be very sure before you decide to spend your life with this guy .
Unless of course , you have this idea of getting back ?
Tell her you love her buy her a rose do some thing you usually will not do
How do I motivate him or should I dump him .
Should I just break up with this weirdo or stick it out ?
It depends it can b the drop of a pin or like 5 years ; )
I wanted it as much as he wanted it . and i had fun .
If i were a girl sure . but unfortunately i are not a girl .
If you are 18-21 you could find someone partying .
Or am i just blowin things outta proportion ?
Someone who listnes and who is nice and considerate and who is not overly jealouse and controling .
Because once the challenge is over it is not fun anymore
You have to test her with a friend of your
He is a good guy , nice , but has NO ambition , no LIFE !
Good luck and lot of patience .
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
But if you like her , just tell her .
Did you do something to her ?
Do Not take your cousin 's wrong doing out on your bf .
Yes boo he feeling you alright .
And all us woman want that .
I guess you like the forbidden fruit . and nope I 'm not too proud .
You talk like my sister 2. break up with him
Have you ever talked to him ?
Because of their insecurities and immaturity .
Sometimes he has a bad attitude and then he is just miserable !
Maybe you should try spying on him ?
Do you wanat to ask him out ot not ?
You really need to say how big it is
Just come right out and ask .
You ca n't really motivate anybody unless they motivate themselves .
With that said , yes , men do this just like I 'm sure women do .
You really need to say how big it is
Walk up to me and start making out with me
Just come right out and ask .
You ca n't really motivate anybody unless they motivate themselves .
With that said , yes , men do this just like I 'm sure women do .
Guys just know that treating girls like trash is ok because society says it is .
Its up to you guys to work things out .
Maybe you should go out with your friend .
Yeah I DO THAT ATOT AND I 'M ONLY 15
If he wo n't tell you , then do some investigate yourself .
Hi . just close you are eyes ask urself . r you in love ?
Not all women are like that .
I love him , what should i do ?
I love good guys , which means that i am bad . bwahahaah
Not all women are like that .
I love him , what should i do ?
I love good guys , which means that i am bad . bwahahaah
Well WELL WELL . a question of the 90 's Well its not for me to answer but for you .
But wut you need to kno is if he luvs her bck .
Well first off with your spelling what ever you do . do not write him a letter ! !
Nobody really has the answer for you .
I was just amazed I was having sex .
The most important - DO N'T PUSH HIM .
What does a girl want from what ? ? ?
Yeah , give her the space she needs .
If he thinks it 's alright and you do n't - that is on Oposite ends of the book .
Give him a break and just continue your friendship .
A girl that loves car racing just like you do !
He just wants to get some and move on .
Talk to him and let him know that you care about him
I always tried to remain friends with guys i do not see as potential boyfriends .
Let GO , GO WITH YOUR MIND AND NOT YOUR HEART .
Is her life worth going on with out her cheating husband i say yes .
I think it is cheating because you are going behind your bboyfriends back with another man .
Keep AN EYE ON YOUR FRIEND SHE MAY WANT YOU FOR HERSELF
My friend has cought her boyfriend with emails to proove he has cheated on her .
Or if you want to do a quiet dinner at home , start thinking about the meal now .
[ it depends on if he gives me the creeps or not ]
You Are friend wife is a freak .
Ask him where this is coming from ?
I was with a woman who was just shy of 300lbs .
I do not want to just be like a jerk about it .
Learn to put that into words and WHAM !
But it 's not uncommon for a girl to watch porn .
Now go back to rocking quietly in your chair .
If that person was truely you are friend you never did wat you did .
Guys like girls for their simplicity , humor , intelligence .
If you  are your dad , it is .
Regroup , take time for self then date !
Maybe she was the back up girl I do not know but I dropped him too , , , ,
When , when you are absolutely positive you love him .
Open the car door for her .
Actually to know me is to love me . lol , wan na see if what i say is true ?
Trust me the guy will not mind .
All MARRIAGES ARE NOT YOU HAVE TO MAKE YOUR MARRIAGE WORK AND MOST IMPORTANT COMMUNICATE WITH YOUR SPOUSE .
Do n't ask her friends , that 's not very nice ( what if she 's not cheating on you ? ) .
That 's jus a little advice to help ya .
Because they are desperate and do not have a fu * k ! n life
If she loves you back and you both want to be married then maybe -
He did behind you are back once why would n't he do it agoin .
He is your friend he will never turn get over it and be a friend
I think it is the other way around
And do it cuz you like the guy not b-cuz you kno you are ex will get mad .
All jokes aside , if you love him tell him . true love will find a way
How can you say you love a person you do n't know .
Compliment them on things besides their body .
They want to have fun and feel relaxed with that person .
Keep A GOOD WATCH AND PAY ATTENTION TO HIS DEMEANOR .
I have the same thing happing to me !
No way i once dated a guy that bought me face wash for Christmas .
Should you that is entirely up to you .
I think that is why some guys like me .
Talk to her . maybe she likes you too !
Do n't think about her , it just makes things worse .
But IS SOUNDS LIKE YOU ARE NEW AT THIS , SO YOU PROBABLY DO N'T KNOW WHAT YOU  ARE DOING .
How do i shake her off .
Sex i am a man and that is wat i wanted
How do i ask out a guy if i am a little shy around guys .
I guess it 's ok for the person that actually wants to date him for some reason .
Sounds to me as though you are trying to get back at the world !
. you are heart will itself tell you .
My advise is to tell her your feelings for her ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
But maybe you should just explore .
My man bestfriend is a female , and I really do n't have a problem w/ it .
People always want what they ca n't have .
He simply will not do it .
If I like his hair and eyes , I am sooo in over my head !
You should call the police and tell them that your boyfriend got stolen ! !
That Is where we learn about sex .
I know where one great one is !
Well I look at him and deside if he is doable are not .
Can he take an ED med like Viagra ?
Tell him straight smack on his face !
Or can i do this to you now . i would love to try that !
I told the guy to chill out a little and maybe you should do that too !
And find a new love or a hobbie you knw mingle
Looks like gimpy 's got you beat ; - ) It 's tough dating women online and then having them be a no-show .
You All may end up getting married some day .
Jus take a deep breath and ask her out ! !
For example , if he comes home late , do n't say , You  are so rude and inconsiderate !
The only way is to TALK
Women who look like they do n't wear makeup are much sexier .
You cannot do that when you are far apart .
I once had a friend who 's friend told her boss that her friend was dating the bosses friend .
Your ex is just that . your ex .
It 's just not worth the hassle .
Let him ask you the right thing later .
You 've lost a lover and a friend .
Do n't worry about it at all .
Depends . most of the city girls : : cars , cash , bling2x
Why IS THIS QUESTION ON SINGLES AND DATING ANYWAY ? ?
Who do you want to be with .
I got jealous of the girl I introduced him to .
Like it is with us femals , some like skinny guys some bigger ones . etc .
Then go meet and find someone else you can trust and be happy with .
I repeat do not be annoying .
If YOUR SO HOT WHY CANNOT YOU FIND WOMEN BY YOURSELF INSTEAD OF ADVERTISING ON THE INTERNET ?
If people do n't like that , it 's their problem !
He is a good guy though !
YOU COULD MOVE ON WITH THE GROVE ON OK KICKK IT GIRL PS OUT YOU ALL
But if he ca n't I suggest dump him !
Nothing big , but it was a lie : ( Anyway , I do n't think she liked it .
You cannot tell simply by looking at him . that is all a bunch of crap !
If it keeps happening ask him what the hell is so important that this girls name keeps coming up .
Talk TO HIM . Let him understand that what he did or say is wrong .
YOU gain more out of love than lust love rocks ! !
If you are not exclusively dating someone , then have fun talking , flirting , hey dating other people .
They say all is fair inlove and war .
Depends on the catch . nobody give you 14 million for nothing
You do not its not your buisness . your daughter needs to be the one looking in to it !
And a lot of men are the same way .
What is she willing to do for you ?
On your birthday or the other persons birthday !
Be there when he needs you .
Sometimes i feel like punchin her friends but i never have and probably will not .
But beware of what type of church you go to .
I had a friend swoop in on my ex the night we broke up .
But i do n't have a clue of what to say or who to tell .
Its TIME TO LET THAT FRIEND .
It might behurt but you need to do what is best for you .
Because rush of emotions come and go .
I would , even if i had to brutaly murder some1s family and them .
It really depends on how he is .
We just have to learn how to pick the ones that are keepers before we sleep with them !
Just do it secretly , many do so but in secret ways
Besides - watch the old movie Revenge of the Nerds the main nerd scores with a super hot chick .
I am just a dog , you know .
And plus the whole i love you thing wears out if said to much anyway .
However , if it is just chit chat and nothing sexual , i would n't worry any .
That 's what you should do give her some space .
Not to be so direct but . tie your shoes alot !
It cheaper to run you own through paper work and the mail .
I once juggled 4 women for a few weeks . it just about killed me .
For sure ull find a sweeet human being in me .
Pretty women are pretty . hardly dependant on their hair color .
The only thing you can tell by looking at him is if hes hot and you want him ! ! ! !
If a man hit you once do n't think for a chance that he would n't do it again .
It 's called IS SHE REALLY GOING OUT WITH HIM .
I was born at night but , not last night !
Just tell her that maybe someone is waiting for her or fit for her than this guy .
Ps They probably are NOT in love , you just think that .
Can you honestly be this naive ? ?
Come on give us a break were men .
I know it sucks but sometimes you just need to do this .
First get her permission , then use your LIPS !
But I ca n't even get a guy to watch Brokeback Mtn with me ( and none are homophobic ) .
God yeah , do not wan na make him think your frigid !
Ask him if he likes you then go on from there .
If I was in her position I do not know .
Yes but that would be tough .
Yeah WHEN I WAWS YOUNGER BUT THE QUESTION IS HAVE YOU ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
No , you obviously do n't know the difference between they  are , their , and there , so definitely NOT .
Hang in there , it  will be okay , it just takes time .
Your boyfriend loves you and you do not love him , damn are you cold hearted . lol just messing with you ! ! !
Beacause they can and there are plenty of willing women
I tried it and it worked so nicely .
He might not be the type that likes chocolates or teddy bears so give him lots of sex .
Rarely does it work the way it 's supposed to .
Oh yeah , and some flowers . the censored section says d i l d o
You  are on thin ice here princess . you are , are n't you ?
Gee , I 'm glad I do n't fit in that category !
Sometimes it works but sooner or later they will start actin mature . sooner or later .
Doggie style or on your side .
Move on there is somebody out there 10 times better !
Or the two of you are too young .
My ex did n't , but ya I beleive they can it depends .
You wo n't know , unless they tell you !
I find that roofies work best for me
Godwilling he will be there for you : ) if NO then you know better what to do .
May be yes , , , some money problem .
The suspition is in it 's self a problem .
Well he 's pretty young to have one but anyway i  will tell you .
Omg NO , any guy who plays you is a lying cheating butt !
I do n't think that is cool because they are going to wonder why .
No its not correct you cannot trust anyone like this
But so you know what some want .
I do not see why he would break up with someone who he really likes .
Do you like working with little kids ?
Just do not beat him at his own game * smile *
But once you do have sex , it 's gon na hurt .
Does your friend have to be muslim ?
You just have to know what you have and what you want to keep and do n't back down .
And for real , his looks will grow on you
It would not be good for you .
Maybe WHEN GOD WAS PASSING OUT SAUSAGES HE RAN OUT AND GAVE YOU A WEENIE .
Yup , when I was a baby .
The one with the good job .
Maybe you should talk to him and tell him how much you used to like it .
I do not want to be a lone for the rest of my life I need some good answers .
Try being single , do what you want and have some fun .
Do n't feel bad If they do n't say hi ! !
Wow , I am glad you are not my friend .
What i mean by this is he be falling for you then you be falling for him !
Do Not talk crap , because it will turn around and bite cha in the butt .
My wife admits to humping a pillow when she was 6
Just kidding , but seriously how could anyone really describe what love is ?
Its seems like your mister popular now !
It may be a slow process cuz love does not just HAPPEN ! !
So I found myself again , relearned all my mannerisms , and I tried to go out with other men .
Well do run away and then live good with his beep
Any ideas what this dream means ?
Pleasuring yourself by playing with your genitals until you get off
To not hurt there filling you should simply ask them
I think it said it was like $ 500 , but it was pretty cool how accurate it was .
You do n't need that , no one does .
YOU cannot all ways hate thim
Yes , girl show him who he is in you are life .
If he leaves will not you wonder what could have happend ?
Just do n't forget one thing , that people DO CHANGE .
That 's why i do n't have lover .
This works most of the time .
Of course no one know.How about I give you an idea , just go ask her . ! ! !
Like , once the tax period is over .
Could be , you never know what could be going through our minds .
Complex question . go here to read why I say so .
When you always try to be close to someone .
YOU never had sex or . you r underage .
No you were n't wrong at all , if you do n't want to then do n't do it .
Go somewhere where you can actually talk alot and laugh try starbucks
I did at age 10 1/2
I know how tough it is !
And you can see if can meet some from you father 's frieds sons or your mather 's friends sons
I AM VERY SAD.SHOULD I TELL MY FRIEND HOW I FEEL ?
It 's life , you have to take a chance .
No , but I love that song ! ! ! ! !
It 's the first steps of love , you should enjoy it ! !
Ouch , that is my biggest turn off .
Have you been walking up to strange women and kissing them ?
Personally I do n't really care if they have a job , just as long as they get one soon .
That Is my problem with my jackass exboyfriend !
But i am telling you both is going to end up being hell .
14 is too young . you just do not know the consequences that might happend to you , save it .
I almost always ( 9 out 10 ) give money .
Because the girls get into more in love and in the relatiionship
I really do n't like this , am I wrong for being extremely mad ?
That tells me the girl is n't interested .
She will come sooner or later .
Neither find a girl that has done it once or twice .
Do n't let your husband ruin your 's and baby 's life .
Unless , of course , you  are old with money . lol .
No , i am kind of curious though .
If you are 21 you really do not have to tell her .
He might get scared and it would be weird afterwards if he does n't like you back .
I am right there in the confusion with you .
Same thing usually with girlfriends and boyfriends .
No because you two were not going out anymore
She did not mean to but it happenes in life !
Sounds like you should wait until you find someone you love .
Same thing usually with girlfriends and boyfriends .
No because you two were not going out anymore
She did not mean to but it happenes in life !
Go somewhere fun Where You can laugh .
What are some ways i can make my boyfriend happy ?
Go a noch out of you are way so that he can see you are about something .
I think its there way of saying they like you .
Move ON ( and do n't forget the punch him part . )
Do Not try and look for an older guy .
Flirting is just fun and does not necessarily mean anything .
If you have to ask where babys come from .
But do a cross of sounding smart but with acting stupid .
It is best to ask your mother that question !
Has anyone done or witnessed this before ?
Ever think of addoption . or get a pet !
Hire a cute babysitter , then take the kids to a movie .
But I say it 's mostly about The nookie ( come on !
Uh no , i have nothing against them but i would not pick them over someone else
Also , another thing is that I probably would n't have married him if I was n't pregnant .
He used to cheat ? . as in more than once ?
And , no , I 'm not trying to be sarcastic , I 'm really curious .
Instead of flirting with them , acting cool , and interesting , they just act stupid !
She goes in this I hate men website .
Do n't mess with her and talk to your wife .
Next time you see him , ask him out ! !
I will tell you after you do it wth me 2 lol
You and your boyfriend are n't really fighting .
If you were not to gether it was not cheating .
Leave that man and new girl alone ! ! !
Types of hugs gentle or strong or strong with grabbing of her butt .
The weather is so variable I ca n't imagine why you would put your family and friends through this .
I am widowed and i am definitely not looking forward to valetines day : (
Go and find a new and fresh boyfriend .
( if you have a good smile ) lol women know when men are trying to get with us .
Suttle ways : massage her hair while rubn your hand along her leg .
They could break your heart without even trying too .
Girl- You know this one is bad news .
Having a penus put into my p * ussy
It could go the other way though .
Well if he closed that I AM fast like you said , he obviously has something to hide .
After being together for 3yrs , its still great .
I hate the whole demanding diva routine !
Quit beating yourself up over this .
What about a man who has beeen seperated form hos wife for 6 yrs .
( was that short and to the point ? )
Bcuz its sick looking and just gross
Yes , I love my self me and I
It depends does he help out you and your children ?
All you got to do is put this loser behind you .
If you go to the movies , you really ca n't do much but sit and watch .
And you need to take a moment and look at your life and reclaim your identity .
When you feel to kiss some one .
That Is the best thing you can do .
Just be honstely with her tell to hold on you think she nice and you want ask her out .
How should i approach her next time i ask her ?
If she says 'no-i have a bf ' ask if she did n't have a bf-would she consider it .
You will just end up hurting a virgin and you will not even feel it with a pornstar .
Unless your into hurting people then go with the virgin .
I had mine at 11 With Meredith my Baby Whaich iam happily married to Now I LOVE HER
:0 ( DO THE BEST WITH WHAT YOU HAVE , THERE IS NOT MUCH YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT .
Got ta be in the bathroom on an airplane .
If you find one , let me know and hopefully we can hook up and chat .
I know my wife reads all my obnoxious comments on this answers stuff . yea word
YOU know you do not need details !
A kiss and a rose bud !
Go after him , do not lose him !
Its not cheating if you were not together
Buy him a new car if you can afford
Just do n't get married right away .
Be yourself do not go out of you way to impress her .
You are too young to have a baby .
One of them probaly likes you and if they do n't they are just too much into your life .
Ask HER IF SHE  WOULD LIKE TO GO OUT FOR A CUP OF COFFEE .
I would never even consider going gay , I do n't think I  would watch Brokeback Mtn either .
Do you want a guy like that ?
So . when THE BIG BIRTHDAY ARRIVES . what am I supposed to do ?
Hope you are lucky enough to experience it
Just be yourself and sombody will love you just the way you are .
You never love the same way twice .
Must I BE ALONE FOREVER MORE ? ?
Love is something which i lost 26 days ago
Be careful with the women becasue sometimes they do not know what they wants .
By what you have said here , why would you want to be with him after this ?
You should ask yur friends to stop and tell them it is n't funny .
Yes and no you can set them up in dates but its up to you are best friend
Give him that records . and dump him !
You never know until you try
If you honestly like him then I say go for it .
But that may be just me .
Get your self busy , is the best way .
To worry or should i just give up and let him work things out on his own ?
I broke up with him on monday the 23rd .
For boys , i like etnies , or vans , and i am a girl .
Then you put mr happy up in it until you both have a happy ending .
I wood give you a hug but i don think its humanly possible to do that through the internet .
I learned what and where I went wrong and now , We  are back together !
They make us get a hard on
Join a club , take a class , etc .
Natalie just seems like the right one !
I 'm sorry to say that you  will never win her love since you did n't even have it from the beggin ! !
Do the best for your child if nothing else .
You can go to chat-avenue .com its fun for all ages .
Mebe BUT IT COULD ALSO BE THAT SHE MISSES BEING AROUND YOU .
Certainly . this is the time when one should explore the new corners and funs of life .
Honestly I think most couples do not register anymore because they really do just want cash .
No , wait while you can because when you get hooked you get hooked .
But IF THEY DO NOT COME JUST KNOW THAT IT 'S THEIR LOST NOT YOURS .
First stop flirting and then ask him what his intentions are .
But that 's b/c they  are still in school too .
I am sorry for both of you .
This begs bigger questions - like is your girlfriend truly untrustworthy or are you just a control freak ?
I find it really childish but the problem is i really really love him soo much .
No because you to are not together anymore
Funny , caring , and good looking , someone who says i 'm pretty , not hot .
Ohhhh yeah latins are hot and as a lover mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
You mean BOB - battery operated boyfriend
Evidently he falls really easy but you have to be the judge of that one !
And i hate these kinds of questions .
Why NOT , YOU WILL ENJOY IT JUST AS MUCH AS HIM , !
What happens when men go hunting ?
Try something new , if you know what i mean .
Ask her have you ever thought of how it feels to be like me .
Sit in front of him and give him a foot massage .
Man you really hit a low note with this question.If its in this section i guess your a stalker , right ?
You kno wat if a women emailed you she  would be crazy because what kind of guy does that .
Like before we even went out .
And you had sex with another guy for 1 day .
Yo , do n't fall for it again ! ! !
But i 'm a fat , mean lesbian .
Just not sure what you are looking for here .
Do Not lie , tell him you are bored .
Money and a nice care always works !
That 's kind of gross actually , i think that it 's not true love couze its a fart lol
Knowing that the guy wants to spend time wiht them and the way they look at their women
There Is one around the coner aiting for you .
No way you could really be dating some wirdo murder !
I HATE olives , but some men love them !
That 's kind of gross actually , i think that it 's not true love couze its a fart lol
There Is one around the coner aiting for you .
No way you could really be dating some wirdo murder !
I HATE olives , but some men love them !
What if the guy you like gets mad and does n't want anything to do with you anymore ?
Do alot of it . just do not be a tease .
Even in highschool they act stupid to impress girls .
You called him a BOY so I 'm guessing that you already know the answer
When you do not want one , you do not notice anyone elses interest .
So TELL YOUR FAMILY YOU LOVE THEM AND BE HAPPY .
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
You do it like they do on the discovery channel
Yes , without commitment there would be no love ?
Baby girl you are looking in all the wrong places i 'm right here
I asked wat present should i give a guy , two of the answer were head .
If she says 'no'-then walk away .
What i would'ent give to be her thong .
Nothing is worth taking yor own life .
What the guy looks like would not be a big deal , but his personality would matter .
You chat with him a lot .
It 's not like you were still with him and you slept with this other guy .
Ask is not the best place to be getting this stuff .
Only long enough to wrap you back in !
So my final answer would be hell no
Some guys are just scared others are taken .
Girl , I think you just need to cut it , but that 's just me .
Go UP TO HIM AND ASK HIM ` DO YOU STILL LIKE ME OR WHAT ? '
If NOT THEN SIT DOWN WITH HIM TALK OUT YOUR FEELING .
More than half of lovers find other ways to enjoy themselves ! !
8 secs is a good ride .
Also . you should really be asking you friends this !
I do not think love has a time limit at all .
Next year it 's his turn to hire a sitter , then you take the kids to a movie
Some PEOPLE HAVE TO HELP THERE OWN SELF AND YOU CAN NOT HELP HIM .
4eva is a long time , could he be serious , do n't be blind of nice words
Oysters , pumpkins seeds by the hand full
I agree with sonflower , if you wanted him you would n't have cheated .
Do Not wait untill after , it would be rude to do so ! !
His or yours i do not know
A mans words give out alot of him self .
Ooo that would be funny lol but the girl should be his fiance .
No , he only want to fuck you
Yes I consider myself to be a good lover - I just know it -
But really sweetie . if this guy ca n't see what a beautiful person you are he is n't worthy of you .
Have you every asked yourself do you really like this new guy or do you just wan na get revenge .
I think he really loves you now so when you are alone ask him or phone him .
I once took out an amazingly hot young woman .
You are your own woman , if he wants to think that is cheating , then that 's his loss .
It kind of sounds like she wants you to make the choice !
I would probably say carnival cruise lines .
Some women ( and men ) just like to flirt .
I feel bad for you little guy
Do n't worry about what 's gay and what 's straight , just like who you like and do what feels right .
At certain ages and imaturity , hard testicles is always a problem !
You are to gay men , that 's for sure
I say it cheatin is wrong no mater what reason you have .
No dudes do not dig that shit
Mines is big . okay no its not.But I have a guy .
But hey i 've dated woman and they can be lunatics .
Get her really drunk and attempt to make out with her .
She  will realize it and tell her no matter what you  will be there for her .
And you  are an amazing lover if you can simultaneously climax !
If he has been in love three times did he lose his love to death or break up ?
Ask her and when you do , do it with compasion and look her in the eyes .
If that picture is giving you discomfort , why not tell him ?
So my best wishes for you both !
He might not want her to be with you and that how ?
If i dated someone simply because of their looks , which i do not , i probably would dump them .
That Is kind of sterotyipical do not you think ?
And then he thinks i am faking it .
But i  will say it , get rid of him ! ! ! !
If YOU TRY TO GET HIM SOMETIME AND HE ALREADY HAS IT HE COULD ALWAYS HAVE TWO OF IT !
You have to think about wich you like more or do n't date ether of them pick some one else
Get rid of your past demons ( why do you not like women ? )
So I 'm guessing the sex wo n't either .
Have you ever even heard of that Sir-Mix-a-lot song ?
I decided I wanted him back .
He sounds like my ass of a cheeting ex .
Check THEY UNDERWEAR , IF YOU SEE BLOOD THERE YOU GO .
Or , you could just ask him if he likes you like a real girlfriend .
Like if it is to the point where you have think about someone else during sex to get off .
Any volunteer moms need a baby like me ?
Just think of the type of reception you want .
They want waht they cannot have
Just PUT YOUR BOOT IN HIS BUT AND SAY HOLLA
He loves me but I do not find him phyisically attractive .
All you other kids , grow up yourselves .
Hopefully you like the person a lot .
Just be true to your heart ! ! ! ! !
I have been in a situation like that before , and yes you need to worry .
Nobody said love was easy , and it certainly is not !
I think she is smat but she acts like she is stuped .
If he played with you last year . he will play with you this year .
Well sum gurl do but not all gurls
Of course it is the only way to go for me .
Its nice to hav a girl with a big butt , they are the easiest to get a piece of .
Kind of like asking a doctor to be a good patient . right ?
The real question is ca n't you wait ? !
But that does n't mean that your boyfriend should/wants to know about it .
What SHOULD I DO/ HE 'S ONE OF THE MOST POPULAR KIDS IN SCHOOL , WHAT IF HE DOSE N'T LIKE ME ?
Its seems like everything has to be some great contest . like love .
Sorry could n't tell you the signs , cuz I missed them .
I would do the same thing .
Oh , do n't do this ; it 's illegal .
Weel ya if he had a good explanation .
Girl i doubt hat its going to be a problem in the future .
I would deffinantly get checked out .
Depends on how capable you are ! !
Do what you want and screw the other people .
Its nothing you can do but deal with it or leav
Ask him about it and if he becomes upset then 9 * 10 he is doing it .
Umm yeah you might be getting played here .
I say love , it is a flower , And you it 's only seed .
Honey if you are asking this question then you already know the answer !
Tell your bestfriend that her boyfriend tried to put a move on you
Why you want to rell that !
Aks a guy out on that day and you will feel happy .
See , guys are scared of sex by trait , women are not .
Sure . keep in mind everything is a social construct . love when your  are ready for it teen or not .
Been there , done that and never again ! ! !
I want to date this girl .
You HAVE A CHOICE OF ME IF YOU LIKE
He just wanted it to be simple .
Looking to fool around a bit online
Pick me I Am looking for an on line friend too I Am female n ma e mail address bremkure @ yahoo.com .
A b * * * h is a sl * t that f * cks every 1 but me .
I still fantasize about my wife when she was pregnant . she was sooo horney .
Why have n't you told them yet ?
I happen to weigh less than 110 lbs , but that is so stupid !
If you even remotely question it . and especially have to ask . chances are . you ARE .
I prefer an equal amount of both
Discreet relation but just on the net conaction98 @ yahoo.com
Say thanks for all the good times , but right now , you need time to think about things .
Like , your names or . ' i love you ' or a heart or a picture of you guys !
To make you are someone happy .
We not together and i was not in the mode .
And it does n't matter that i am a very large woman .
( You never have enough time anyway ) I am a 30 Y.O .
Becuase he was getting IT when he said that
Your have to think . if iam in yur situation .
Could it be you and not him ? ? ? ?
If you feel its right then get married , if not do not , because divorce wastes a lot of money .
If you did not , then talk about it now .
You ARE GOING TO GO BLIND DUDE !
Find a nice guy for yourself ^_^ .
I say you invite who you want at the wedding and who you want at the reception .
Do we like espacially european girls ?
Learn HOW TO USE WHAT YOU HAVE WELL , AND BECOME A MASTER IN O * AL SEXX .
He needs to knock that shit off and act like a man !
At least not for a while , anyway .
No you dumb * itch , haha I know her , tell her to * uck off
She does n't need friends like that .
Because you can not do it as good as BIG MOMMA .
You should only give him a kiss if he acts like he wants to kiss you .
If she looks sweet do not use tongue and if she looks like a stripper use tonque .
You NEED TO TAKE CARE OF YOU AND NOT HIM RIGHT NOW .
I do n't have a problem with gay women . I know they like me .
Just kidding , no it 's totally ok to be gay .
Just ASK HER 4 HIS E-MAIL !
I hope so if nothing else god loves you
Wear your shirt lower than normal for more cleavage near him : )
It can only lead to bad vibes and bad office talk ! ! !
I squirt , and I 'm not ashamed ; of course , I 'm a guy .
: ) You  will know true love when you get there !
Scare the crap out of him !
I Am married , have been for a long time .
Be super nice to her and do whatever she wants and never lie or do anything bad to her
It sounds strange , but most people do n't want to sit through the wedding anyways !
Is he blowing me off nicely ?
I can love 'very 1 to the full of my capacity
How old is the guy and probably at least 18
I love it alot - I can be down there for like 2 hours .
That i would miss them more than anything , afraid
Love ? . Love takes time to grow like a flower . You mean lust . for you .
I am REALLY sorry but i have to say no
I know it might be wrong but I 'm in love with Stacey 's mom .
For other signs i really do not know but that will be the most thing i know a sign .
Usually when I talk about someone a lot it means that I 'm thinking about that person a lot .
I do not know i am still trying to figure that out for myself
The thing is , I never get to see any of it .
It 's just that hotel rooms and girlfriends go absolutely PERFECT together . like peanut butter and jelly ! ! !
It was so funny though because they look EXACTLY alike .
It probaly could not hurt to visit though but do not move in .
Am I kidding myself about being gay ?
No , I HAVE NOT YET , BUT I WOULD IF MY PARTNER WANTED TO .
He alwayz calls me his buddy but he kind of gets on my nerves .
An APPLE CAN LOOK GOOD ON THE OUTSIDE , BUT CAN BE COMPLETELY ROTTEN ON THE INSIDE .
Do Not give him impression that , you wnat to go sexually with him .
Do n't let other people who you should date or like .
Let him to injoy you in bed
Do we really need another person who calls himself a pimp ?
Well if some 1 like you they really don ` t care how you look .
Be honest & tell your best friend then brake it off w/the guy .
It is the best online dating site there is . and its free .
Like most of these people say , some guys do some do not .
He left you because variety is interesting and something is missing .
YOU deserve anything you could ever wish for .
Wait for sometime , if you r destined to fall into real-love , that is wat you call it , right ?
Jus let him know he would tell you how he feel
Is it her or you that has no desire for the other one .
First off , if he 's stupid enough to cheat , hes not good enough for you !
Hi do most of the activities as if near to her but do not talk .
You fix it- what is marriage all about anymore- did n't you make a vow ( jennifer Lopez ) ! !
Well pam has hep c angelina is preggers so guess carmen but the whole dennis rodmen thing .
Is she playing with her hair and at times bashfully looking away ?
Some things you just have to realize for yourself .
Y does she purposly try to get me mad ?
Give me the links of tutoring in wat r the positions in sexing ! ! ! ! ! ! !
If they pull away then so what .
I Am 19 makin 20 in 10 days !
Did you ever think to just ask ?
Good luck , and do not give up- these things take time !
She saw something she wanted and she went after it .
Its just about our favorite part a girls body !
Go to clubs and find friends
I like big butts , and i can not lie !
Heck no . you have to test the water to make sure you know what your getting in to lol .
What that does n't make any since
If you want 2 $ hit blood for a hour sure go for it wat could it hurt . YOU ARE A $ $
First of all Why would you want him back after he cheated on you ?
I Am not gay but i  would go for jessica alba anytime . lol
Are all 3 of you in love , or is it just sex .
If you want me , you have to ask me out in person .
I has so many girls friends but i do n't have any lover .
Is it that hard to fine a good friend there ?
But its also possible you might have something hanging out of you nose .
Just think about what she  would like best .
Dating is just having fun yaar !
Why would you give of yourslef of your body to someone you do not love ?
Yes IT IS FUN BRINGING THEIR PERSONBALITIES OUT
None of that really matters but its always a plus but most girls go for the personality
Ok if you want we can do it in style : drealsunny @ yahoo.com
First you need the look , then the additude ( not spelled right-right ? )
Have Not done that but i would if my partner really wants it .
He loves me for me , for who i am as a person .
My girl friend is the best .
All up to you , but if your in no hurry and she is make her file
If he do n't like you , then its possible that he has his own reasons .
A candle , something with a sesual scent , like mint .
You WILL KNOW WHEN IT HAPPENS TOO !
If he plays with your heart , he does n't like you at all .
Kiss her when you are in the nude
Do n't bother with people who even know him .
Just think back to when you first started having sex . how did you act ?
Her sister really sucks and so does her dad Homer .
Confidence is sexy , anything else is an accessory , but certainly nice touches .
I dnt kno i do those all tha time do not mean nuhin 2 me .
A lady never tells her age !
Did you hear she is considering a boob job ?
He is geting bord with her but he sill likes her .
Your wife will be the one you spend the rest of your life with , not your mommy or daddy .
I will be your net friend if you be mine yes or no : Jaleshia101 @ yahoo holla at me baby boy
$ 100 says that your a chick and the 55 year old is a guy .
Nothing , never mind that kind of friend , lots of people here wants to have more friends and i am one of those .
Umm no . stop asking dumb questions !
If you do not love why would you cheat ?
Remember . no man is an island . ( - , )
And I 'm still with him : - )
What sucks is when you see her with another guy and your like . mmmm must do something . NOW !
The gambling part is : maybe he does love you too , just like you still love him
That or maybe try using a big club !
Hey listen . go n talk to you are man ! !
And feel wanted and turned on .
If you are over 10 go for it ! ! ! !
Yes I have a crush on him !
Something you  will never be able to describe it untill you try it
Jennifer lopez seems to be doing well .
I am going to say proably not .
It probaly will not be a problem if you really like the guy
A new one helps a lot
Good luck i have 3 exes
No you should because she mit be sick and you do n't what to get sick .
He did n't and is DIRT for doing something like that to you ! !
Without any hassels of dating sites .
It 's like gambling for a husband .
So i guess actually none of them
Plus , you can do the Wan na have lunch ?
( And prayer is a great way to start - I  will certainly be praying for you ! )
Letters are a winner - everyone loves to get 'snail mail '
Do Not love him , he will fall 100 %
No he 's not cute he 's absolutely sexy .
Which ideas that both of you guys are comfortable to do .
I would be with my best friends .
Cheating only applies for married people , but with boy and girlfriends , it does n't matter . but of course it is painful
Her eyes , then hands , then hair , then shape of body ,
But just do not know what to do ?
I like the butt i think it is the first thing i look at first
What do you mean by additude
Its a way of flirting , that is for shure .
I look just like my avatar and i have a 6 pack .
There are black women that prefere white men .
Hope this helps a little .
Do GIRLS REALLY THINK LIKE THAT OR ITS JUST ME .
Everytime I buy him something I always have to take it back b/c he already has one ! !
Start dating you can ask them you know
I love those English guys 2 .
We also save them to read months & years later !
Its only your hormones going all wacko
If she is really a good friend then she  will listen to you .
Get in the kitchen and fix me a sandwich , that is how i usually say it . LOL
Depends how you look like blonde long hair ect .
He might not buy it even then , but that 's the only thing I can think of .
Because such women themselves are losers !
This LOOKS LIKE A GUY CHOICE TO MAKE ! !
But try and put a spin on it .
Ull know ull know do not worry and have fun
Show her all there is to see .
They just want for us to get confused !
If she says 'yes'-that kind of sucks .
This is n't always going to be true though .
A lot of girls like fat guys ; )
To me dirty feet from a woman is because men do n't like to suck stinky toes
My friend just had to remove the sleves and the bow and make it shorter cuz i am short
Yes ofcourse ilove you just you are any more
If they do not like it then you know where they stand in your life .
I did n't think it was particularly romantic if that is what you are asking .
We where married at 2 months .
You have to tell him that he confuses you a lot .
I would pick a guy with the great personality , i mena looks and moneya re just bonus .
If you need to ask , you probably are n't old enough .
Its wat you feel about that special person .
4.drooling , i hate guys that let their mouths hang open 5.shrieking like a girl .
It will carry over into the rest of the year watch and you will see !
I mean it can hurt but we have to be willing to forgive .
Find her a daddy that is worthy of this title .
You know Zeke and others j/k ( you no who )
If she 's your best friend then you should just go ahead and tell her , she wo n't mind !
Hope you find your answer very soon then : )
Do n't die early because you did't know how to protect your life yor momma gave you : )
He starts to say ohh did a guy send you a message and bla blah .
If anybody knows anyone out there who was gay and is straight now , please , get them to help me ! ! ! !
Or Would you rather just have mad passionate sex ? ? ?
Hell Ya- I hate it when people think just because the woman is making more they have to split .
Well i think that it would be harder because you do n't really know who this guy or girl is .
I can learn to love you ; )
You Are mind can play games with you
? please help me , iv had enough mutt to last a life time . and i do not have any beer goggles
That person must 've meant alot to you !
Renee ' I was going to type the same thing , but I saw you had done it . LOL
Both , its the inside i like most though you know .
Its wat you want to do .
Yes but not if your jiggely
But why would you just want to wait ?
It sounds like you care about the kind of work you do too .
Hide from him for a while .
I have a boyfriend kind of like that too .
Well SHE WOULD HAVE THOSE THINGS WHETEHER YOU CAN TELL IF YOUR PREGNAT OR NOT
Might nit hurt if he was there too
Drop that loser , and get with a real man ! ! !
I do not think you want to be friend with him .
Only do it if he wants to kiss you , too .
Sure , i have and we have been together for almost 2years
You stare at each other all day long but never talk too each other
You NEED TO GET TOTALLY AWAY .
If there is n't we should start one
My boyfriend has pictures of his ex-girlfriends and girls he has messed around with .
Not at all safe no matter how much you think you know someone on here NEVER !
You know like a pervert . though i think i have seem A FEW of well mannerd boys . i think
Like working out and holding your books .
Look up EroticBakery & look at the Bachelor Party trays !
He must like you , i mean think about , what other reason is there
If you do , what male shoe style do you like ? ? ?
How do you get out of it ? ?
Most guys think about sex every 3 seconds .
What ever you do do n't go to the movies .
If he dumps you over that the loose him because he 's not good enough .
And the same old tired answer . TIME !
But do you really want to be with someone that cheats ?
If you do not know how to flirt maybe you are too young ?
Do n't give up on him just yet !
So be careful on who you trust .
You Are a Responsible Gentle Man Else . Get MARRIED .
You must go because this is old and i will move oN because you do n't turn me on !
Unless I can trust a person with my life then I would not call him FRIEND .
Is that person a good friend of his/hers ? ? ? ?
Such as bowling , tennis , rock climbing . chatting over some drinks or food ?
Lolz licking touching kissing rubbing smelling feeling mmm
So swim on back to sea , orcas .
Is it me or is it everyone else ?
Go for another love . he 's not so real .
A song by Haddaway from the 80 's : )
I mean , what if you would send for one and he would turn out to be a real jerk ?
If he does not want you then send him to hell and get on with yourself girl .
If I only had the answer to this question . I would be rich . lol !
If so talk to her on her level even though its not your style .
There are 2 kinds of women , b * * * hes and sl * ts .
Dancing , horseback riding , sitting on the beack , reading , whatever .
Unless of course if you are just searching for a mother-material only , you can just try nanny services .
When you want a bf your senses for that are heightened .
A lil after that he was trying to feel on and i told him no .
You do n't deserve the wife you have now buddy !
But REMEBER THAT YOUR ALWAYS BEAUTIFUL NO MATTER WHAT !
Who cares let her learn on her own or are you the sister keeper huh ?
You and me used to be we are not one so i have to run !
No matter what he looks like ?
As long as it takes to keep this house for your kids
Do ya think its true that men times by 3 and women divide by 3 admitting sex partners .
At the movies you ca n't talk .
That depends on alot of thing !
Make her think , maybe she  will come around .
Goggle Light Her Fire It works .
Because the think with their little head instead of their big head !
I do n't know I have neevr had sex .
But do it in caring way .
Cuz if she is tha tomboy type . den prob not lol but if she is da mushy type den YES she will .
Having a finger in my a * * while having s * x d * ggy style
Most of them i see are usally mean and horrible .
Because there trying to hook up with a girl . and they want to show off there abs ( if they hav any ) lol
Love is metter of heart.it can be in just in a wink of eyes
First of all there is no easy way to dump some one its going to hurt no matter what .
Even when I was pregnant with our baby !
I guess I should express that sort of thing more often .
But do not let him find out for a long while .
Um . let 's see about this can you find me ?
When you are not married , its wrong either way .
I have always loved my girl friend to depth of my heart .
Answer me that then i can answer yours .
Watch hitch and then ull understand
Why would you want to defeat it ?
There are no limits to your style , so have fun !
( i 'm always sure to return the favor )
Get in his head 1st ! ! ! ! ! !
Then ask her when that bug up her ass is going to die .
He is going to complain .
If you did that then you really do n't like him !
It depends on how old you are ! !
It depends on the age I guess . what are the ages ?
( hopefully his name is not john - or it could be the same man ) .
Your talking to one you weirdo
Chances are he just wants to mess with you again .
Well . it seemed pretty sad if you have sex with someone you do n't feel anything . ( like one night stand ) .
Hide in the closet spy on them
Then their is my bf , who buys me whatever i want .
You sound like you are sort of on the side .
I want to be a young parent for my kids .
All i can say is go for it if you really like her
Lastly . only you can choose how this will go .
My boyfriend is the HARDEST guy to shop for !
Who in they right mind want to fight everyday ?
Hey everybody agrees and the answer is NO .
If she says 'yes i want go out with you'-then she 's a cheater .
First why did you cheat on him in the first place ?
Or do I just find a friend ?
Thanx FOR ASKING HOW IS YOU ARE SEXY LIFE ?
Have treats and gifts laid out .
Invite him to hang out with you and go get coffee or something , its a start .
And its the best thing i could have done for myself .
Many guys talk that way ( like i miss you and so ) when they do n't mean it .
Take the kids and leave , man .
That girl has got it all ! !
I enjoy laying my face on my guys chest and with hair there i would n't enjoy it at all .
And next thing i know we  are dating .
And that is very important to me .
Please LET ME GET CHAT ROOM EN ESPANOL
Well , proper hygiene is still important !
Mom of 3 ( 11,7 , and 3 ) and a single parent at that .
You will not be sorry you tried it out , i promise .
No , but a lot of my best friends are going to hell .
Maybe she does not mean to but if she does this is not good news at all .
YOU should tell them now that you are moving !
Look homie , you should n't try to change any girl !
God made them hot for a reason o_O
Rent a porn movie that has some scenes/positions that you like .
Most of the time it is someone that has been hurt bad in the past .
So he got mad a left .
Do n't want to pay for a sit down mean for all the guests , have a buffet !
I Have never cheated and neither has she .
Maybe stay home , maybe go out to eat , etc .
Give up on trying to understand them and just do your best to love the one you got
The worst that can happen is he says he does not like you .
I have been threw so much of my own its UN REAL !
Learn a martial art like karate
What you need to do is stop searching so desperetly .
But do n't ever get in the middle of it , with him there .
Hey girls i think shas211 is asking guys .
Because i feel that a sign of disrespect and ignorance .
I had the same problam bye !
I doubt that 's your cup of tea , darling .
Good luck , but also keep your eyes peeled for other girls around you too !
Say i love you & kiss her
Take a pill put some water on it and watch it grow
No not unless you are a neat freak
Do n't believe a word he says
My advice is to stay that way for life .
If it was a person I already knew and trusted , it would be great !
He also said marriage is not for hime even though i would make a great wife .
But it sounds like you do n't have enough courage to just GET OUT !
Does he seem to want to come back ?
I see some have said disgusting Bull , I would not feed my baby anything disgusting , it lovely , natural milk .
I think very very far than you think
No i like my girl th way she is smart funny .
Would you like to go out with a guy that you do n't like ?
I could n't choose one - my guy has to have at least something in each category .
Then get a girl to come in acting like a stripper . teasing him with a feather .
Do Not get mad until your married and he still has them .
The hard answer ( no pun intended ) : take up some advanced meditation .
But everytime i try to hang out with her she never answers me .
Wait . let me think , oh . about you guys nope i have no idea what are you talking about .
Just thought I  would bring up the other side , stir things up a bit !
Do you hear women asking about virginity of a guy ?
If not , then do n't be with him .
And what people can do to other people is straight BS .
Quit planning every minute of your life .
I give this question about 24 hours before they delete it but any way here goes .
Yes if you hav marriage certificate or any valid proof of wedding then its valid in any country .
If not , that 's ok , but I want to be clear .
Quit planning every minute of your life .
The best way is to get a prostitute .
But use to see them in the shower at school .
How do i make it stonger ? ?
I may be wrong , i do not know .
Sit her down and tell her .
Seems you already have one important thing in common .
You are better off happy without an Idiot guy than miserable with one !
You do not have to do anything that you are not ready to do .
I guess so , but avatars make anyone look awsome .
If it does n't bother him . then yes he wants to be JUST FRIENDS .
If your kind , funny , and everything listed above then to me that is without a doubt the best kind .
Long ones , short ones , mushy ones , just to say I Love You , just cuz it 's Wednesday , etc .
I know thismight be sad news to you , but somebody 's got ta tell it .
May be a life you date somebody and do not know him /her
Be happy that you have a great guy , do n't b shallow .
I which I could still produce so I could use some during intercourse . LOL ! ! !
Or does he collect from BIG MOMMA ?
Buy him a blow up doll to play with until you  are ready .
( LOL unless we cheated , lied , or etc . )
But since you are unable to change anything that is already happened . why not forgive & forget .
A good friendship always last long to a friend by vedakumar
Yeah you can love somebody within like a week well depending on how old you r i guess
Ca n't live in the home they use to and etc .
To you are second , I must say no , do not trust him !
Its a vicious cycle . i feel dejected . sometimes i think i am crazy . i jus wan na be normal .
Everyone pretty much summed it up .
I would choose angelina jolie because she looks very mysterious .
Lie to him and tell him you cheated see what he says
So that is the true love that i beleive in !
When you go to college you jump a level .
I am not confidant but i want a girlfriend how do i go about it !
Tell him you like him and see what happens .
It  will be ok. just wait it out .
Tell her how much your friendship means to you .
Try giving us some info here !
If love is ending your life , end love .
You know when you love someone or are in love with them .
It means that she i still very involved and will try ruining everything !
Some webcams { like mine } have a timer . to take pictures .
Hes always staring at you right .
Any wonder why so many people divorce or never marry ?
Take your kids & run away
And it also depends on what sort of person your looking for !
Do n't be afraid to get dressed up , paint your barn ( meaning put on makeup ) look nice .
Yet life could be long if you F'ed it up !
Should i be happy for her if she is with another man and i am miserable without her .
This best friend of yours better not be my gf !
I Am noy alowed 2 go out until next year so there you go .
If she says 'no'-then walk away .
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
But i was not in a relationship with them .
Sure i  will give you a hug !
Diferent strokes for diferent folks , there is all kinds of guys out there butt guys , bobs guys , lips guy , toes . ect .
You just have to email me with the basics . name , age , all that stuff
But if it 's big and flabby , then no .
My babyfather came over and i lil while later he asked me did i miss him .
It MEANS THAT YOU HAVE NOT MEET ME YET .
Its upsetting and overwhelming and hard .
Or if you dumped him , what has changed ?
When you find the right girl everything will come more naturally . well not everything but most things .
Give him a chance , but do n't let him fuck you over .
The reason why women do not lkie sex toys is b-cuz they like the real thing
Depends r you treated with repect and r you loved
Not if you lube up her poophole first , haha .
If you are not a trusting person , do not date sneaky guys .
I am verry happy And no I do not like the same sex .
No , but I 'm pretty sure it might be nasty .
A guy with a great personality .
Both.there shuld be balance between the two . and then you are ( ALso ) a perfect guy .
Go with the one you care about most .
Coz they wan their son to be white . juz kidding
If you like him and he likes you then go for it !
It is not worth giving up a friendship for a girl .
Start out slow . do n't go from strictly missionary to some crazy S & M stuff .
Tell him you do not deserve that and until i get some child support it are not gon na happen .
Yes that means you have a special bond with that person
Do n't try to impress her with money , it back fires every time , trust me .
Be nice and she will come around .
Give her a 1000 bucks and be safe
Possibly only even your wifes friends to get close to you .
I prefer honesty even if it hurts !
Where do you see this going ?
So did you kiss him 2 months ago ?
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
If it 's pot , he just might need a kick in the ass .
How do end up with the babes ?
What kind of question is that not knowin where do they come from first grow up !
Hey . my parents said the same thing terminalseed .
I DO NOT KNOW IF BOWLING WOULD BE A GOOD PLACE FOR A FIRST KISS .
Get rid of him . he is horrible !
But if it does , then it was all worth it .
Expensive dinner and then get on your knees and then ask her will you marry me .
Then one day , he just quit calling .
Pushing her in the water accidently .
Dip IT IN WATER N THEN BRUSH IT USING ROUGH WIRE BRUSH N OBSERVE THE CHANGE
Run as fast as you can ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Hey id like some of that
I need to talk to my wife about this .
Stacey ca n't you see , you  are just not the girl for me .
If you want to , then sure , but i 'm not going to .
Why the hell are you reading this ? !
Send me a picture and ill answer your question
Er . I guess this is one way . lol
If you r in love than you r on a risky point .
Just do n't take him for granted .
Do Not Know bro , I wonder why mine is so big .
I do not think you should tell him , but if you feel that you have to then just tell him !
I think that he likes you .
If they are bad it 's because you are bad too .
The hell with him move on one day soon the homewrecker will be crying over him too !
( You do n't want to look like a girl that 's trying to hard , right ? )
Doing something but accidently falling down .
Now , I ask you , fellow Yahoo !
One should n't have regrets in life .
According to his moves & eyes
Why do people think gay is a disease ? ? ? ?
Only kiss when it 's someone you love .
But i do not know if he did or not cuz right now he 's jobless !
I prefer when a guy does , myself .
No offense , but get your head out of your * ss ! !
There is nothing wrong in it
And if he disagress juz b his friend !
Cuz a girl like that , probably other guys will like her too .
Why does their have to be a racial issue with love ?
You do n't wo n't him to hate you .
If you are thinking of names for a kid or something . please , do not go there .
So yea find out wat type they r n do things dat fit dey personality or likes !
If he does claim her behind your back them report him to the IRS ! !
Uuummm , no . not after I was an infant anyway .
If you are a virgin you might want to waiy other wise go for it
But do not let it be money
So just go ahead and ask him out : )
No one deserves to be treated like that .
It sucked and all I wanted was to be intimate with my wife .
Drop that loser like the trash he is .
I do not normaly answer these kinds of things but urs caught my eye .
Should I wait to tell anyone ? ? ?
Would you get to Stacey anyways by just asking her on the net on Answer Beta or what !
So unless you are sure that she is 100 % not infected then i say be my guest .
How about you give him 365 days of SEX !
Buy him some gifts and he will be there 4 you .
Do a pregnancy check can you say new mom
I want the family thing but i am very leery .
Forgive yourself then move on with your life .
When you have eyes only for that person .
YOU must have something in you that girls might see .
No ONE LIKES ME AS A GIRLFRIEND AT MY SCHOOL !
About my friends.they are about to come .
I 've been married twice , both failed miserably .
The internet has some insane people =P
But if you look like ( at least ) you know where you going then you  will make it .
I am a guy and i do n't give mixed signals .
Wait until he calls monday , if he does not call then , you call him .
If he do n't understand no then tell him to hit the road .
Wear a kinky bunny suit guys love it tell me what happened vol_fan_raybaby @ yahoo.com
But a lot of People do not care about Children , or babies .
I Am sure he is a cutie pie though .
Then go to the video store and rent 5 sappy girl movies .
No YOU R NOT A GAY .
Say i want you and you look hot
I am moveing and I am moveing and I told them by E-mailed them
Is he working late a lot ?
I let my husband go and he came back and we have been together 9 years sence then .
I think most men like girls that make them feel special
If women turn you on too , then you  are bi .
YOU will find some1 you jus cannot rush things
Yes if you are receptive and kind .
Those that do , do so in different ways .
And if your a virgin you should give it to some one special .
Hey ITS BETTER THAN GETTING AIDS HIV FROM SOMEONE
Depends how your talking about them .
Who makes the first move , the guy or the woman ?
You  will want to kick him in the @ # $ % ^ & & * .
You are not suppose to be looking for the right guy .
I trust my whole life in their hands .
If that happens , she probably loves you .
You will not be alone for the rest of your life , unless you are like a recluse or something .
What was that , is that singing I hear in the back ground . good thing there 's flowers close by . lol , aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
I just do n't see much point in dating yet .
Run away fast he does not care about you .
I have a crush on him and someday i want him to be my bf
B-cuz they r either afraid or shy about what they have to say .
14 INCHES LONG AND 6 INCHES THICK.ANYTHING BELOW THIS IS A GIRLY MAN .
Ya sometimes make sure that the personne is safe and meet the personne somewhere with you are freind or something
Accidently spilling something on her or urself .
You need to play his game girl !
Ask her that you like me or not ? simple
Time and something to take your mind of it during that time
Come on , vote on the question already !
Do Not WORRY THEY  WILL LET YOU KNOW , JUST PAY CLOSE ATTENTION .
Once you get past that it would go to personality .
And you need to be mature to love somebody for more than just their butt .
Whenever YOU FEEL THAT THE TIME IS RIGHT DON , T TAKE IT ANY FUTHER THOUGH .
The only thing i would like to say is DIFFENTIATE BETWEEN DATING AND LOVE !
I would go for the guy
Cuz boys are looker and women are emotional
Us , girls do not deserve that kind of sh * t !
A evil stepmother ( or one to be ) I hate those .
The theory that black guys have bigger , you know what , is just a myth ! ! ! ! ! !
Rubing on him and all that good stuff .
Over dinner I asked about her father .
It ca n't be fix , if you do not want to be with a man then just be alone for ever
Another idea is mix-n-matching your colors ( ex .
If the answer from you are heart is YES then go for it !
And like , he used to be one of my best guy friends EVER .
What do you call small ? ?
If package refers to the heart , then NO WAY small packages work with me !
Run , do n't walk and find a new guy .
Most lesbians would rather stay at home at watch a movie .
Take a chance you only live once !
Believe it or not , they are n't .
I like a woman who has some meat but not fat .
My eyes do not do that : )
Yo dog , if you  are worried about that .
As for feelings ; . you will lose all feeling in your nose if you say nothing . !
If it does n't work , then he  will be gone and you wo n't have to worry about it .
Not that my dad would let me !
It sounds like you already have thought about leaving .
Same here i am hot still no love
She is straight and I am not .
In any event-give it a shot .
He knows I do not play ! ! !
You All both must like each other .
You really did n't give enough information to get a good answer
I 've got two kids , so I say two .
Lots of great chat rooms with tons of people actually on cams .
Sometimes people get love comfused with sex
She looks boring , way too naif and silly
As long as you love him , then ok .
I dated hot and not so hot and i still did not find the right guy .
Have even thought about just staying single ? ? ? ?
Get a time machcine an warp backwards 1 year
Maybe there is another guy out there who is n't too blind to realize what a great girl you are .
You can have sex but should you ? ? ? ? ?
But somehow I get the idea someone sick is going to tell you .
I fell in love w/ a hot gurl , but I see her holding hands w/ him .
C'mon , sooner or later you  will have to ask him about his status !
One thing like that would be yahoo answers .
I Am CONFUSED AND HURT , HE STILL WANTS TO BE BEST FRIENDS ,
If she is just an a $ $ , then there you go .
I have not done it yet but i am going to .
There 's more to life then we will both discover .
YOU will know when you r being presented wth some !
No you guys were already broken up were not you ?
What was the craziest song uv ever had sex to ?
No if you feel its right
( being cute is not very important but if they are . all the better ) just hope this helps ya !
Hope I gave you some other ideas : )
Joe did n't and that is why he is gone .
Do n't you want to grow up
Once or twice a week . sometimes more , sometimes less . depends on the couple .
Get out now while your young and have a chance to start over wiser .
Hey about my question . any clue where the guys in your hood get their flares ?
Its really not a big deal , never was .
He would n't even give me a chance to miss him .
Its a challenge for them so that is why they like you when you are taken already .
Its hard believe me I know
Well they do n't and whoever thinks that is just a sexist pig ! !
You kno cuz they do not think that they  are the s * * t or anything .
Tell her that in your opinion , her bf is trying to control her and you can see that .
Think deeply about what the day really means .
YOU have to be honest that 's better just say xxx you r bad .
I am looking for that real love , like in The movie The Note Book .
You can try cosmopolitian ( the magazine )
And watch your back while you are leavin ' .
I mean , did he give this to you ( a girl , I assume ) after breaking up , or what ?
If she does n't like it , F her .
A GUY THAT CAN BE SWEET SO I GUESS THE SECOND 1 .
I 'm not sure its been 2 years and he still tries to weazle his way back in my life
Tooo late . maybe you just learned something
So if you find out first it will be better , especially if she does !
Tell him , if not you will live the rest of your life wondering What if . Good Luck !
If he can not see what an amazing wonderfull smart gal you are DUMP HIM ! !
When you do n't have to ask . you just kind of know .
If i really love her i would not mind even if she has 15 kids
We do n't want to pay for your dumb a * * because you got yourself buntis .
Take her out , make her laugh , and have a good time .
Please DON ` T , DO US ALL THAT FAVOR
Probably cruel but hey it works .
He have to don that his self .
Did he really do those things . Do you really want him back . ?
Its not the best thing to do .
I have no idea what to do ?
Cut him off and do n't give him anything .
Now I get laid a lot more and do what I want when I want to !
Then the money , the ride and then the H-O-3s lol
Save the pic as a .jpg .
Try to keep her occupied with other things - help keep her mind off of it .
Second rule : do n't do it like in the movie The Bachelor .
Because they have nothing better to do but make girls confused !
Hips and even a tummy roll are ok .
When the right girl comes around , you will know .
Did n't you just ask this question ?
If you have to ask .
That would depend on what It you are talking about
Never buy a chick you just met at a bar a drink .
Hell yea man , take that ball and run with it .
Girls who wear no bra or panties and jiggle all over the place .
A nice hand made card that saids all the good things about him
Hey a friend r one who shares hs joys and sorrows .
Is it so bad to be gay ?
I just hope there is not expensive furniture around .
It means that you have never done dirty things and sex 2
. It 's more important - what you think ?
No , but thanx for the offer .
You  are a whiner . she  will never want you b/c women hate whiners .
I do n't want to just give him gift cards b/c that 's so impersonal I think .
We  are people too , and they do n't always exactly get that .
Flirt and see if he 's diggin it
A sl * t is any chick that I have sex with .
So to save you self some missery i would not go but its all up to you .
And the kid probably wants to be with his mother too .
Cuz you are id is something like seweed69 .
Yes it is possible to be in love with more than one person at a time .
Just look like you know where you are going .
How much money does it have to be ?
The way i get guys is being confident and acting sexy !
. baby do not hurt me . baby do not hurt me . no more .
What if the guy that you do n't like starts acting CRAZY ?
You either love him or you do n't .
I hope I 'm using it the proper way ! ! ! !
Maybe he 's not interested and do n't want to hurt your feeling
Grow a spine , and quit yer whining .
Move on and you will be much happier
This is why we spank it so much .
It really is closer than you think ; )
I do n't know how long you 've been going out with him and i do n't know how angry he gets .
Darcy : I see , and so he came here .
She will never no how much you love her !
Keep in mind where you  are going and what the weather is like .
And personality - what does that mean ?
He is your father even if he did something dumb .
Is that a joke or really a thing ? ?
I Am great i focuse on passion if there is no passion there is nothing you might as well play chess .
Yes , but not a gurlfriend boyfriend one , just a friend one
But if he says Who 's Joe ?
If you constantly ask a guestion like that then no is there someone else you want to be w/ .
For some reason , people always want what they think they can not have .
Ok so . Mostly , girls do not ' really know what they want .
If you found these snooping , then you are a very insecure person and not an honest one either .
Um . he 's a little kid you ca n't do anything 2 help he ca n't even get a boner yet
Just did n't do anything for me .
I know you think you are going insane without her .
The way he acts and treat you
This guy in my school is so mean to me like for no reason .
Why not if love is still present then every thing can be solved
One year my wife surprised me with a getaway to the Poconos - it was awesome .
I could not see myself with someone i do not know
Forget about her and start living life man ! !
YOU DO NOT so do n't try love is a wonderfull grand thing try embracing it not defeating it .
Try balloons , with i love you on it or something to that affect , and a personal card
Try flirting with them , and if they want you then they might just ask you out .
Well what do you think you should do .
You  are all wrong except Pete ( gr8 name pete ! )
You  will never know until you do !
My OPINION IS THAT YOU SHOULD TELL US WHAT IT IS THAT YOU WANT OUR OPINION ON ; )
If he do n't want to answer your question , he 's not worth it .
Tell them it is only one twon over that is good news
Well there really is not a detailed answer for true love ya know ?
After a week or however long it takes for you to get comfortable , you can meet .
Do you even know what your talkin about ?
11 years and still going strong
-love is to tell her how much I like her , how much I love her .
Pretty arrogant , considering they 've got the highest divorce rate in the world !
See how hard he looks for you .
I Am unable to talk to my friends bout this .
He is going to want you to do all the things BIG MOMMA does .
You never really know a guy until you 've spent time with them .
I would say when you hit the age of 45+
Why do n't you just try new things .
Everyone deserves a second chance but this time around be the boss
Bite the bullet and just do it
I can say that I do n't believe in their life style !
24/7 to cart his kid around .
Just have fun figuring out what works best for both of you .
Sit her down and tell her that you are oLd ! !
You should walk right up to them and ask them .
Telling a joke that was n't funny and you laughed to it .
There is no way to know .
I mean look at how you phrased it your ex or a boy you like .
Tell HIM YOU THINK ABOUT HIM ALOT AND JUST WANTED TO CALL TO SEE IF HES INTERSED
He does n't want you to bother him
One is doing all the giving and one is doing all the taking . guess which is which ?
Yes my girl is a few years older and it is great
Should I be mad or it 's really nothing to worry about ? ? ? ?
Ways to relax and enjoy minutes of the day and you ?
I do not know . will you ever ask her to be ?
Only then you  will realize what love is .
Do n't want him to think you are easy .
To make girls fall in love at first sight
It 's releving your self of sexual tection .
Thinking with the wrong head lol gets them in trouble everytime .
Kissing her like you mean it and holding her tight
Is he always in your space or seem to be just as happy walking next to you ?
And its turned out greater than i thought .
Its okay if I must , butI like to check on developments on this subject
YOU deserve to be loved . and loved the right way !
No I have not . Have you ?
I 've liked guys before and wondered if they really do like girls who are hard to get .
The people I see everyday are not my friends they are just another people .
It 's gross and makes you seem like an animal , but not in a good way .
Sure soudns liek it to me
Me and this guy are like really good friends .
Get over her or wait till she is availablr
Guys might not think of it as flirting .
Try new stuff , lean her way every now and then if you catch my drift .
I really think it depends on contact with the person .
Imadetelly SEX WITH WOMEN.IT WILL BE OK .
Like I said , just think about and do other things that you like/love to do .
Straight up be like hey i really like you . your sweet funny . thatz the best way in my opinion
Go for it . live life on the edge hehehe
If God did n't want you to be gay , he would n't have made you that way .
I thought it was bad enough that people were going door to door to push religion on others .
You have got to be kidding ?
What is best for me and mine may not be best for you and yours .
Maybe the lovers love he moon !
May be your are not pretty at all 'cuz a true crush neva lies : D
Get off the computer and find yourself a real ( willing ) human being to do that stuff with .
No , not for him - for the kids and then treat him special like you have n't in years .
Sorry , but i am a boy ^_^
Let me break this down for you .
I would not do it.sounds like to me he just wants to the money .
If I am with a girl , I am only with her and nobody else .
It is much easier to find a girl if you are not looking .
From the sounds of it , no . y do not you wait and see whar it goes .
Oh , its good never tried . but any lady want to offer me I will definetly do .
Mostly at home with my girlfriend .
Tell you are mum to choose for you
If he turns away from you and blushes .
I do n't think marriage is for most people .
Yes if you want to , but is it right ?
Sometimes they are totally wrong about their feelings and take wrong decision .
Pick the best one out of the fight
At the bootie clubs . you be the judge !
Others have said just go ahead & do it but there are some things that that wo n't work for .
Nobody is perfect . get used to it .
Than you probably already know the answer .
If he ses no gust walk away and avoyed him .
Do n't worry , his heart will only be broken for around 5 minutes before he finds someone else !
So he kept on asking and i kept saying no .
Are you with this guy or not ?
The bags can only hold so much !
Breakfast in bed , lunch in bed , dinner in bed . or tickets to the Super Bowl ! ! !
And notice what is on the inside and how big a girls boobs are does not matter if you are in love .
Sometimes praise him and be sure spent as many time as you can with him .
Depends . some how you should have sex . at least in your mind ! ! ! !
But why go digging in the next persons trash ?
Buy her some candy or ice cream .
She makes me feel great about myself and she likes me too !
: ) ) ) So , just be straight and tell him .
My 6 year old granddaughter chats with me ever since she could chat .
Try to keep it simple and do n't go overboard with skin ( you  will want him to respect you ) .
Is like you are attacking everyone ! ! ! !
Do n't ever believe you 've done something too bad to be forgiven , regardless of what happens .
Think of the movie or novel The Notebook ( if you seen it ! )
Most of the time the guys that are just messing around are only in it for the ass
If he loves you then he will understand .
Oh my goodness , i have this problem as well .
They like to make girls like them
But you 've still got nothing do not you ?
After you tell her you can tell if she fell the same way .
Something HAD TO BE MISSING FROM YOUR RELATIONSHIP FOR YOU TO SLIP .
When you cannot stop thinking about the guy .
If you find me then you can have a hug .
Honestly . he probably just wants to be friends .
Tell him that you might aids and it would be his fault .
It means 3 some . go for it ahha
I mean you can meet plenty of serial killers at work or at a club .
Incredible simple - BY TELLING HIM !
At d same time i still have my dreams and aspirations .
These days I 'm learning new words ! !
He trys to hang around you and give you a good look at him .
Do you want to spend the rest of you life like this ?
Be sure what you r up to .
You do n't have to forwarn him , just do it .
It is called a crush and Lust !
Not unless you catch him flirting etc .
There 's no way to answer this question .
Young is attractive and even though they are old they still have hormones .
Y does it only have to be pettite girls large girls can have good looking husbands
Then out of no where WHAM ! !
Are serious at all if you  are let me know i will connect you
Well no is not is you all love dichother is only think it maders
What IF A CONDOM BREAKS AND YOU GET HER PREGANANT ! ! !
= ] They do n't want to seem pushy .
They have it so easy and at the same time can look so damn good !
Do Not look at it like that .
But that is probably a good thing because if not what would we do in our spare time ; )
He 's mad because you did n't give up no butty ?
Darcy : No , that 's not what I meant .
Because European girls are the hottest !
Ya , I think I do . or so people tell me !
My ex hardly ever wanted to .
She Is a sweetheart and its not the least bit wierd having sex with a girl !
Focus on the good you have .
I have loved two women at one time .
Go out with each one once and then pick the one you like better .
I am sorry but these are the kind of girls i hate ! ! !
Hell be farting , burping , in the bed and even wanting to sleep seperate from you .
That Is sound like a very creative idea . and reading about her it think she will enjoy it . Good luck
I have always found my wife sexy .
Save yourself those 200 bones and dumb his ass .
And people think she 's dumb - how dumb is she if she has her own business ? ?
Although , you should tell your boyfriend something .
Can you all see something I ca n't ? ?
I 'm married , and i have not tried to change my husband .
Not as often as I  would like to !
Astalavista , baby , got me a new lover .
When your adult but when the time is right
So stop looking and the right guy will come along .
What you  are talking about is not really fighting .
Do n't cheat in the first place !
Poem 'S IS NO GOOD FRO BRAKEUPS .
I am the same way and I do not know why
One she has to be a Christian and right with god .
I would say about 8 th grade about 13 is a good age .
The boy can dress.My best friend thinks that I should give him a chance .
Give it up and move on with your life .
Because sometimes flirting is just that . flirting .
Just say to her , ILOVE You , then kiss her before she sais nothing . ; - )
Men love gadgets . get him a latest pocket mp3 player
Yes if i want i can become a gay .
Or what that is just crazy you need to have a talk with this girl
Do n't go any further , just let it go .
You seem like a great girl so just hang in there .
One day it seems he likes you he send you some signals .
When EVERBODY 'S UGLY AND YOU LOST HOPE
And do not try to define it , just LIVE IT !
Barney singing I love you , you love me .
But it might me interesting if someone get married and then love his wife .
Depends on how long really , and how old you are .
Tell him that you like you too !
It ALL DEPEND ON WHAT GOING ONIN YOU ARE RELATIONSHIP TELL US SOME MORE INFO ON YOU ARE RELATIONSHIP .
If I 'm constantly asking this question . ?
You obviously do not trust him and a relationship without trust will not go anywhere !
Because alot of girl r on myspace and thay want to keep the girlz on .
Learning grammer & spelling will not hurt !
I make hime breakfast , lunch and dinner seems to keep him very happy .
If one did n't work out move on and have some fun .
It 's pretty sad when a 15 yr old puts you in your place .
Find out their phone number , then add 1- ( area code ) - ( num ) - ( bers ) g'luck !
Neither . you know he 's cheating , why waste your money ?
Well you have to move on .
So girls , if you want a guy to respect you and take you seriously , do n't sell sex .
Because if he flirts with you hes probably just doing it for fun .
Because no real woman will ever just flat out tell a guy she intrested .
5. - -STOP LISTENING TO ME and tell her the truth .
If you are a guy it means that one of the girls in the group likes you .
Chances are , your teen wo n't tell you if they are having sex .
That 's basically what i look for .
Do n't dwell on it , for the rest of your life needs living , so try to focus on that .
Smiling giggling i would know i am a big flirt !
Kiss her neck and ear and whisper words to her .
=d Good luck with your love life !
Ohh and also remember that condom are not 100 % always good and you may get her pregnant
Yes you should but only if he deserves it
Maybe maybe not seeing you are a guy unless you mean let us go fishing then I would love to .
Girls know this and they watch to see if you  are nice to the guy she 's with .
Wow you must be small kid . lol its ok just be gay ! !
Honestly could not tell you but if you have to ask things may not be going so well .
Guys always want to have sex
Even if they think yur boyfriend looks weird , all that matters is that you thinks he looks good !
A babysitter ( if you have kids ) .
And if you think she is cute DEFINITELY do not !
I THINK IF YOU REALLY LOVE SOMEBODY THEN WHEN YOU ARE TEMPTED YOU CHECK YOUR SELF .
Make alot of eye contact and smile when she looks you way .
Everytime i like go up to him he looks all happy and so that is why i am not sure .
I hope things work out for ya .
Just have to say - hey !
Take the pic and save in a folder you no .
No need worrying about the past ?
If BY CHANCE YOUR BOYFRIEND IS A CHRISTIAN THEN FORGIVENESS SHOULD BE EASY .
Marriage and relationships are not supposed to be like that .
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
2 years older is not bad .
I Am in one right now , and will be for another 5 months .
If you cheated on him then why do you want him back .
He probably thinks you like it and it makes him better in your eyes .
You do not deserve this and realy neither does he .
YOU have to do everything from you are heart be true to her .
I hope my rambling on has helped some .
Wait till marriage for sex , hun .
To take their bad and their good all the time .
Will telling him now make him move away ?
And yeah is slang for yes .
Sounds LIKE YOU NEED TO GET AWAY FROM HIM .
I do n't think that there is someone better looking .
36 B .TO A 36 C .
I find it hillarious when a guy TRIES to look sexy .
I also love a girl what can I tell you ?
Go get an STD test you ho .
No but why would n't you just buy the cheaper one that looks exactly the same ?
And are you sure that she is ?
Now we see them in the shower at the gym .
You only get one chance at doing this thing called life .
I do n't know what to do .
We all know when a woman is interested in us . ; )
Yea , sometimes they look for a girl with breast or a big butt .
Let me reitterate this one : NO .
Probably 15 cos she is gon na be a little mature but is still very sweet
If you two are serior i say 3 months . if not that serious . you decide
He NEEDS TO GET INTO A REHAB AND GET CLEAN .
I know you are a smart girl .
If he does . he is not worth it
Hey man . girls are those interesting animal different ( very differents ) from men .
Why  would you ask if you are gon na be skeptical ?
Now , do n't you go messing with trouble .
If she wants to just cuddle . then just cuddle . do n't get all pushy and horny on her .
Remember that you care about someone .
That 's like asking , Do you like black people ?
Take you a little feel too .
Because they a losers and nothing better to do with but hurt girls .
I Have done it be for and i am finally with the love of my life .
But until then i might as well becasue i ai n't really doin it so .
Just try to be a sweet girl and ignore him some times .
: P I really ca n't explain it .
Keep trying new things and if thatn does not work ask her her wuts up ?
Is he too old 4 you ?
Edit : Here 's sort of a nasty trick you can do .
Be your most charming self and be sure you give her sexy eyes , and if she flirts , flirt back .
Day and night , why only one ?
Look at your question list , dolon , you  are pathetic .
Sex does get monotonous at times , but we try to find things to liven it up a little .
If you cheated on him then I do n't blame him for being mad .
Find out if he likes you , ad if he does than ask him out
Just tell her , you are 21 and your own person .
Do you think i might be making her nervous ?
I knew it when my heart and brain went numb
It 's not going to get any better
Trust me , that ought to make him happy ! !
Oh GOD yeah . umm , you can exceed the norm for how kinky you guys are used to getting .
Sex is a beautiful thing embrace it .
When I see a girl all slutty , what else would a guy think about .
Maybe because love is n't what we expect it to be .
She is crazy if she does not love it !
Because of recent happenings in my life , I find myself single and alone again at age 51 .
Uh . you are to young for me ! !
What trust does she have with this other friend that keeps you from i guess dating her .
1st ask yourself , why did he leave ?
Divorce him and get on with the rest of your life .
Yeah my boyfriends do a lot .
No sense crying over spilt milk later on .
My crush has odd taste in shoes , but i still like him a lot .
Maybe find someone new to ask out
So i sent him and e-card saying mommy , this monkey follwed me home .
W/ guys or he tells you .
Guys do not like to be crowded
He is on his best behaviour
The craziest song was chicken head um that was the only loud thing we had
See you are what i call . a bad guy .
If you cannot talk to him now how will things be in the future ?
First you have to be completely sure your doing the right thing for yourself ! !
Please insert a real photo since you  are a real person
Down there if you get my drift .
It HELPS RELEIVE THE PRESSURE ON YOUR TUMMY.AND IT 'S A WONDERFUL POSITION FOR HITTING THE WOMENS TWO G SPOTS .
There really is no way to tell if a person is being honest with you .
Just talk to him make him laugh alot , that is the best way to flirt .
Now were just friends , but i still like hima nd i think he likes me .
But IF YOU ARE NOT GOING OUT WITH A GIRL IT IS OK .
I like to do sex after lunch and after dinner .
This means that he really wants to be around the one that he cares about .
She was not looking for nothing at school , and there he was ! ! !
Tend her to talk to you .
16 and 21 is a big difference .
Forget her and start hunting for a better gurl
What girl could say no to that ?
Because you  are a jackass trying to sound like a gansta .
Why WOULD YOU WANT TO KNOW THAT ?
God bless and hang in there .
Or check to see if he wears a wedding ring .
Eharmany.com I heard was really good my best friends mom met her fiance ` there
If YOU REALLY CARE FOR SOMEONE , IT IS THE WHOLE PERSON YOU CARE ABOUT , NOT JUST WHAT THEY LOOK LIKE .
He is in his mid 40 's .
Think on that for a while .
Me and my fiance are freaking out .
No even if you and her be friends for thirty years .
You go girl : o ) Hopefully I find a nice guy someday .
A good cry , a good drink , and a good friend .
Do n't do it . its not worth it ! !
Did you ever think that she wriggles out of it because she does n't want to go out with you ?
I mean would you take a mexican guy over someone else ?
That Is the way I see it
I see its all about his child , but him going around you to his EX.GIRLFRIEND !
I used to have a bf and we broke up .
I need someone to go out with
I get the feeling like wow , where did that come from ? !
Just because you cheated on him does n't mean he has to get mad at you , does he ?
It gets you no where , it drives her away .
Say you are being a little too clingy
Romantic guys are n't always the best !
Interesting . And I  would have no problem watching brokeback mountain , just not with my dad .
YOU just tell the grrrs , It 's small , but it 's cute ; - )
How often do you . you know ?
( not a phisical fire . do not burn down your house )
Beg her to forgive you and understand her if she did n't
Let him marinate with someone else cuz obviously you cannot produce . No disrespect
Can i learn to get past that and trust a woman again ?
Guys are forgetful too , you know ?
I definatly do n't want one in my neighborhood .
Hey this is just a womans perseptive .
She Is a f * * cking lunatic and controling and whiny .
He does not deserve the money , afterall you have been buying all the baby stuff right ?
Stick to the girls who like baseball & beer , they are the best ones !
Hey 2 points is 2 points
But if you want more , do n't be afraid to ask his status .
He looks exactly like my cousin though so its kind of wierd !
From experience i can say . because of the relationship with the childrens mother !
Two years is too long to wait !
When you always do what the SHE/HE likes .
Please tell me what ! what is love
Would be real great to meet and make friends with a gay guy .
Have fun and if you wear lingerie for him , he  will NEVER leave you ! ! !
Honey , just because you are in love does not mean you should try anything he wants to try .
Why would you want him if he does n't want you ?
He makes a total fool of himself around you .
Do n't worry your not alone . i just do n't feel to have a commitment right now . i am so busy to my studies .
Don ; t be surprized is they do not confide much once she starts counciling .
Is he full of crap and scared to admit his real feelings or am i just tripping ?
Tell HIM THAT YOU DO NOT HAVE THE SAME FEELING AS BEFORE JUST TELL HIM THE TRUTH
Do n't wait until things get worse .
I say Chicken . or rooster for that matter !
I just want her to be happy .
You really are no good to yourself , your kids & your wife if you stay .
She 's your wife you should b w/ her .
Unless the girl is really enjoying it then time will not be a factor .
Not something to fall in and out of so fast .
It 's like me trying to be a lesbian when I like men so much : ) ) .
If your man is doing this for you , he is into you .
I personally do n't like it very much .
They want someone who is smart and funny and . !
When true love is involved then color is not an issue
And no matter how much I fought that fact , that was definately the case for me .
If that is you are name , sure .
When you always think about someone .
For some people marriage is a mistake .
He just knows you like him and you are an easy target .
Their personality , and if they flirt with me while siting on my lap when stealing kisses with me .
No not if you feel like it was the right thing to do
They probably do n't deserve you anyway .
Not HOT AT ALL HE VERY CORNY NO I MEAN LAME
I could really use the advice . he 's been my bestfriend for threee years now .
Seriously a car is nothing , I do n't have one !
Heck , some people might actually live there still !
Some girls do , some girls do n't .
I DID THAT DANCE IN GRADE SCHOOL AND IT WASN ; T HARD TO LEARN .
He/ , i am 12 yrs old and i am dating already
But gurlita as soon as i am outa highschool i am gone ! ! !
Do n't think about it anymore , go get help .
1.he becomes distant from you 2.he dosent compliment you as much 3.he blew you off !
I think it is because i do
I say just walk up to her and ask her out .
I worry she 's on drugs or ? ? ?
I would not mess with karma .
Hey I have been married for 3 years and want to spice up my husbands and my sex life ! !
Star to looking a new want gall ,
You will be ok , keep your head up !
Tell him what you do want , and keep the conversation going from there .
P.s if you wan na chat email me
If you give a guy everything he wants and he still is not happy maybe its time to move on .
If you are cheap , a card , some flowers , hug , and a passionate kiss .
Boyfriends come and go Best friends are forever
You have one and you shoul hold on to him .
It will only make it worst .
I 'm like feeling deep for this boy .
So i kind of felt bad .
Truth ME IF YOU PARNETS DID N'T LOVE YOU THEY WOULD BEEN PUT YOU OUT .
I have always like that one .
So why is life so tough ?
Boyfriends come and go your true friends will be there no matter what .
No IN THE TIME OF NEED YOU NEED YOUR FRIENDS .
I am an old fashioned guy .
Bullsh * t. I am the anti-domestic women , I guess .
Your girl friend is just being picky right now .
He probably will not say it back because you did not reply with ilove you as well
Question back at you : would you respect a girl that is n't hard to get ?
Never hate when you hate it drags you down
Just be yourself an if he is the right guy he will soon be yours .
Yes , BECAUSE HE SOUNDS LIKE THE FAKE TYPE
But i do n't know if he 's over me .
True be care full what you wish for
I mean sex is good I just want something different - - -Any suggestions ? ?
Mabye because she still get over you and she at leat wants one memory of you
: ) that is why i am dating eric : ) )
I Am sorry you have to deal with that .
Means you feel the need to have sex
Probably because you do not feel a thing .
Find a new boy and make your ex-boy jelous
So if you do n't love her , be honest with her !
I never kiss a boy before .
Yes and i waz so dumb 4 that 1
Sometimes alone time is the best way to know yourself ( what you need and want ) .
You are getting sloppy seconds and the other womens problems that he did not tell you about .
But , life goes on and you have to MOVE on .
It sounds like you are just f @ # king . if you are not dating then i recoment to stop having sex .
Give you r partner id i will ask and tell you
You  will find some one that likes you for you .
But not enough to give up the attention she gets from keeping guys like you around .
I do not know , it 's nice not worrying about bills and rent , but it 's also kind of getting old .
Hold your breath and lick there ass . seriously
But like i said not all young women date young men they do like the more mature ones
No matter how long i would wait .
I met my hubby in a chatroom ! ! !
He is hot , funny , and smart.he is just my kind of guy one problem , he 's sorta a player.wat should i do ?
Well my first kiss was last year.so yeah 15 years old .
You ca n't make someone love you
Some people are just scared of the d word . DIVORCE !
Talking to people on the internet is like talking to a mystery peron .
Good Luck Hope I helped a bit
I was with my ex for four years .
Like the guy decides to get hooked up .
I have felt like that a lot in my life .
If ya  will can work it out then no .
I do n't know , that girl sounds like a flake .
I do n't want a simple answer . like it tastes salty . explain that to me.that is a homework question people
So just roll w/ the punches and just do not call back and get a new girl .
Oh - and my husband and I will be praying for you and your marriage and your children !
Hug him with his waist , put your lips on his lips /cheek .
And , by the way . BEAUTIFUL IS ABSOLUTELY WRONG ! !
You were blind like most men because us women expect you guys to read our minds .
Do it only when you r in good mood .
A good lover will want to please you first . no matter what .
Just follow along with what he 's doing and you  will just be fine .
Maybe he 's gay think about it carefully . lol c'mon on the butt ?
Thanks ( Our house is up for sale now )
To get her back just apologize to her say some phrases or give her some flowers
Do what you did in the past .
So never think of another man or women in your life .
I would n't care if my boyfriend ( If I had one ) bought another girl a drink .
Aside from the fact that they could be called queen mother .
You HAVE GAVE HIM CHANCHES BEFORE , GET ON WITH YOUR LIFE .
Do it once in a while .
I do n't ever do anything about it .
It depends on the mistake , pray about what you have done .
Unless the both of you are divorced , I do n't see the two of you hookin up .
Well if you want 2 have a girlfriend , why would you ask in da internet .
I like girls that are fun , active , and doesent smoke .
Yes , I CAN THINK BLUE BUT NOT ONLY ME EVERYONE CAN THINK BLUE COZ EVERYBODY HAS IMAGINATION POWER .
Well , you ask me , but the answer is NO ! ! ! ! !
Yah . sometimes i think blue because I 'm very sad Do n't worry , you  are normal !
Keep me in the loop of things and let me know how it goes , good luck and have fun ! ! ! !
No . my bf is younger than me .
Go all out if you want to .
Maybe you  will be lucky and she  will want you !
Most people , sadly , do n't realise the difference between sex ( the act ) and love making .
If i had a bf whop was cheating on me its common since !
Here is info : ( reunion.com ) this site help people find long lost person
Move on and you should not have moved in with him . keep telling ladies this . do n't believe me .
Spandex n a muscle shirt lmao
You give me hope for the future .
Def pretty face and ok body
I am dating a guy that is 25 and I am 28 !
Girlslike to talk a lot abou them selves .
This wnt help you at all
My advice would be . 1. go to counciling on your own .
Perhaps they really are virgins , or they just do not want to get a bad reputation .
That Is if you lived here in NC .
Try getting kermit if you do n't think it 's to dumb .
See you got ta tell her some time or the other .
Sure , may not be healthy but * hit happens
Fantasizing in an inapropriate place , say , um , church , for instance . nasty .
I know a few 'gay people ' .
If you really love her you wo n't .
Yes love hurts i do not care how in love you are it just really hurts .
She likes me as a friend but not as a boyfriend .
Go slow . if a guy or girl is worth it , they will not rush you .
Since i started the longest i 've gone since then was about two months
But i do n't know if i should make my move or what .
A good reason to wait until marriage !
Unless you like being in bondage .
I think the girl above named Cindy is so right on target .
Not every girl give out their #
And i thanked him for helpin me sort out another bad seed .
Totaly , loves her is more like it
No 'cuz I 'm a straight guy .
Find one you  are interested in and ask her .
No offense . but are you drunk .
If he smiles and looks at you. he might try to start a conversation
Have you done anything to make her mad ?
( due to a severe car accident , semi-truck hit me head on ! ! )
I get hints that he tries but he never does .
Do n't flirt with everyone , or else they will think you are a whore .
. because life moves on and you ca n't dwell on the past .
What did you do to lose her ?
For EVERY WOMAN IS A MAN
But a young person ( under 18 ) should not be kissing anyone !
But I would think sucking a cock is nasty !
It is definetly ok to want to be pleased .
Get rid of the guy , there 's no true love there
Hot guys are out there but without intelligence and a strong mind they mean nothing !
And valentines day is coming up and i want to give him something .
I do n't think nationalities should be in question here .
Not good eventually it does n't work out .
Generally , guys do not find it attractive when a girl asks them out .
Tell them the truth , be out right and forward about it so there is no cunfusion , this sounds pretty serious .
Micheal Jakson does not sleep do not you know that ?
I never give out my number at bars , if they ask , i always give them a fake one .
If you r then its perfectly natural if your not then i suggest seeing a doc .
Home is good but do not you want great ?
I do everything for my bf and i get nothing in return
Was I supposed to just get over her ?
It did n't work so great back then either .
As long as you love them and they love you then i do not see why not !
Can I buy you a fish sandwich ?
YOU have to ask urself . is he worth it ?
Because you gave them to her .
What is it men think s hottest ?
I ca n't seem to let her go .
( Assuming you do not really KNOW the guy )
Well even good women get hurt by men too .
Hi how are you I guess nobody is online cuz there is so many questions without answers .
Do n't worry about those kind of guys , just be yourself and you will find mr .
Do Not leave him out of your life .
YOU have to try practically . asking out here in Answers will not help .
Ya need to Change things , do n't accept what you have now .
Not that i am asking her to marry me .
I heard it is even sexy ! ! !
Hmmm . do a lot of housework !
Sure . if you do n't mind the military lifestyle
That weak little man that thinks he needs to hit you to feel like a man needs to GO ! ! !
Be real and tell her what is happenig . Do n't lie because the things may get more complicated !
Now he is going out with aother guy .
You must be bad in spelling or you must be so high
I wan na marry , not just date .
You already know the answer to this question .
But I do have a old truck for work ! !
So at school I flipped him off but did n't get in trouble .
Well that is easy if he does not love you just break up with him .
Congrat ON YOUR NEW FOUND LOVE !
Either way , it does n't really mean she 's interested in you so what does it matter ?
If you  are up for the adventure !
So at school I flipped him off but did n't get in trouble .
Well that is easy if he does not love you just break up with him .
Congrat ON YOUR NEW FOUND LOVE !
Either way , it does n't really mean she 's interested in you so what does it matter ?
If you  are up for the adventure !
God fearing men is the best guy !
My THING IS , WHY STOOP TO THEIR LEVEL AND GAMBLE WITH YOUR MANHOOD/WOMANHOOD BY CHEATING TOO ?
He got me a plush doggy .
When she gets older would you want her to stay with someone who treats her like that ?
He did not say anything after that .
If you are a man love on your wife there is nothing that beats that .
Will you play doll house with your kid ?
It was the way to go , no stress at all !
So why ca n't i get a date ? ? ? ?
Is not working out once mean I should just move on ?
She says that she do that because she talks to other people online .
Buy a dozen white roses , then put a single red rose in the middle .
And it did n't cost me a dime , just a little of my time .
Wow id have to say . around . 17 or so ?
Anyone who cheats on you is not worth it baby or no baby .
The cute thing is that i only got him something and he only got something for me .
Then just ask her to go out with you .
Yeah that is fine but it does mean something .
Be kind to your self you have to live with you no one else love your self .
If that does n't work . maybe you should break it off .
I like her and she does me .
So is that cheating or not .
If he wants to divorce his wife anyway . i think you should tell her what he said to you .
Because BOYFRIENDS COME AND GO FRIENDS ARE FOREVER ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Because you all ask for it ; Don ; t ask like you do n't want our # anyway .
Damn , no wonder I 've been cranky .
Hot bodt with an ok face .
But just make sure you do it in person . over the phone or online are NOT as special .
A BACK STABING BAD FRIEND= WITH FRIENDS LIKE THIS WHO NEEDS ENEMYS .
A WOMEN SHOULD BE TREATED WITH RESPECT , LOVE , TENDERNESS .
Every one does at one point .
Even if you  are shy , you can still ask her out calmy and joyfully .
I am studying it at skool damn somebody done gave you a std .
If you have had sex , you are not a virgin . . if you have n't , then you are .
I still love her after everything i have been threw with her .
If you rilly love them then your never to old .
Get ON WITH YOUR LIFE , IT WAS NOT MENT TO BE .
Younger boys are immature , just to let you know .
No , letter are great they express love better anything
You just have to go talk to her , i know how hard it is beleive me
Hell yea you are a lil too old .
Umm . its depends if you both really like eachother then YES all the way !
My grlfriend caught me talking 2 my ex ?
You pick guys like this for a reason .
Not everyone is like your wife .
You just have to know that he 's got your back no matter what !
Even though we have n't met face to face were both in love .
As long as you want to . there is no set time .
But she is soo great to talk to and I do n't want to hurt her .
We talked about it and I got SO excited .
That COULD BE JUST WHAT SHE 'S LOOKING FOR .
Why do n't you just ask her !
Dumped the guy , dumped the best friend & I have n't gotten that close to another woman since !
No , definitely color has nothing to do w/ great marriage .
It shows she is comfortable with you .
You have sex with her while she 's sleeping ? ?
A team or a club or a gym . ?
Because its in our mind . other than that its like a jog in the park .
It seems you r hot !
Do what you want , just stay away from my man would ya ! ?
1 the fact that he has a car is a pretty good start
I would think I was like a hero
1 n 3 open her clothes and then have sex with her
But maybe because I have black hair also .
In most cases , once a cheater always a cheater , think , before you jump again .
Do n't be mean , and do n't do crazy things !
It depends the person you want to love , if he is a friend then do n't mix it with love .
When you r ready to continue you are life do not rush urself but do not wait forever either
Hey boo , let me keep it real if she loved you then she would show it all the time .
An emotionally broken man finds it impossible to come up .
Of course confident . no need to explain .
Just be cool and do not try to act like you got game .
Do what you know is right .
I love you does not count during two occasions .
Be your self a oman like men that are not a fake my friend .
: ) ( PS - We 've been dating for going on two years now , so it worked for me ! )
Tell your guy to GET A LIFE !
Is N'T THAT THE KIND OF WOMAN YOU WOULD LIKE TO HAVE ?
Go to England and ask one out ?
Either way you should get this checked out .
Fat or thin , it 's what 's in the heart that counts
Give her clues to how you feel and if that does not work than you should just tell her .
To love is loveless unless you love yourself .
Ca n't do much more than you already have .
Cool down . he would be just like any other guy .
Also you do n't want to rush back in with bagage from the last guy ( you know ? )
Hey you ca n't wrong with the date sampler of dinner and movie .
In other words , if it works for ya  will , then ROCK ON !
Ask him out the same way you  would ask a black guy out .
Michigan is the sexiest state in the us .
I Am feeling like that right now with my girl friend .
If i liked someone i do not think it would matter .
If he broke up w/me-I  would keep it .
What 's in it for him , will you sign a pre nup ?
If your too nice people will pick up on thet and abuse it .
They will now be on time
Even more if the girl is goodlooking .
Do n't do it men lie a lot .
Stand behind her and play with her hair , girls like that !
# 1. if he accuses you of cheating , you know hes messing around
Yeah why not . just do n't get too wild .
What stailive missed is that its not beholder it 's beerholder
Are the symtoms of falling out of love .
And DO NOT talk to you ex if you are not over him yet !
Ask him if he really loves you and why hes hittin ' on other girls ?
Ask him what he wants and give it to him .
Y would 3 b so bad ?
It 's just something you feel together , hey !
Why stay in love with the one that does not care about you or love you in return ?
Girl you should break up wit him because he proalbly has girl on the side
Most girls cannot stand cheesy unless its creative and cute .
He is the sweetest chachito EVER !
But that is nothing todo with you .
Girls like a guy who will admit he goofed up and apologize .
I CAN TELL YOU STORIES WITH HAPPY ENDINGS AND STORIES WITH SAD ENDINGS .
Pick A QUIET PLESANT PLACE , WERE YOU WO N'T BE DISTURBED .
Why is it that when I finally find love there has to be somthing in the way ?
If she really loved you she would n't ask .
I think about him all the time .
Love ya lots like tater tots ! !
Any day for sure not problems
Nah , it 's got nothing to do with pride .
I have so many love names for him like : corazon , amor , taquito , chiquito , bebe , papi , etc .
Be a friend unless you have romantic interest in him
Stop sucking dick and start eating pussy
If he can not play it straight , then he is not very honest is he ?
That WAS AN EXAGERATION BUT ALOT OF TIMES .
: ) and in teams there is no room for selfishness .
Girl do n't let him control you ! !
Unless you have kids and she is n't ready for that yet .
Stay strong , you can make it !
Well for me it does not exist .
I really do love her .
It 's only gentlemen like to do so .
Then , depending on his answer , dump him or do n't
They LOVE YOU . THAT IS WHY YOU LIVING WITH THEM OKAY THAT IS SHOWS TRUE LOVE .
Make sure she is not racist
When i was at ft benn .
If you can affort it try jewery ( necklace )
Then you go out and cheat on him ?
If your his gf then tell him that he is clumpsy in terms of sweetness and caring !
I ca n't tell you but it lasts forever Oh !
I think its normal , most guys think about sex alot too .
My friend asked me this and I told her to dump him .
If you are not gettin it somebody is
Tell your girl that you need girl time with her without guys around .
How can i know his nature & how can i know dat if he really loves me .
The ONLY PROBLEM IS THAT SHE IS 3 OR 2 YEARS OLDER THAN ME .
Depends r you on your period ?
Most women do n't have a high sex drive until there 35 or older .
Just say to yourself outloud in a crowd of single men . NEXT ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
When that 's broken it takes much time to heal .
Whta is this world coming to ?
There are some women that I ca n't imagine with anything but long hair . and it looks delicious !
No i would not resent the person being late .
Well for me its outta there , whoo livin on me own !
Just b urself if he does n't want you then forget about him .
( I have a recipe for spicey meatloaf if ya want it )
Remember , guys really do n't like girls who are easy , they just use you .
Spend your money on a therapist , okay ?
Unless you  are married and have kids , etc .
Like do you think she will be willing 2 ?
Be NICE < BE THE CLASS CLOWN AND JUST BE FRIENDLY !
If that fails , just ask him out ( go w/ something simple like would you accompany me to . ( a funeral maybe ?
But YOU MUST REMEMBER TO RESPECT THE SPACE THAT SHE IS ASKING YOU FOR .
I think its bad , because i have had one .
Nope i think black & pink because blue is so old already almost everybody likes blue ! ! ! !
If you feel there is no hope what so ever then fuck it .
He only does it now at my BEGGING maybe once every 2 wks
Like every one will tell you . if you are not ready for it do not do it .
I would . and I did . been married for 3 years now .
And THEY MUST LOVE EACH OTHER TOO !
Do Not be shakin in your boots .
But I do n't think I think in blue
If YOU ARE IN SCHOOL , I SAY , IF YOU CAN LIVE FREE .
Maybe go to the beach , or something fun like , I do n't know , miniture golf .
But befor you do that , see why he is saying that .
Change you are pace every once in a while .
I think there is no true defnition of love except this one love is love
My girl friend was . Hurts like hell.That 's why i never trusted best friend anymore
He 's still you are dad and he loves you no matter what .
I like the way a person carries themselfs
Over and over if you had too , love is worth it .
Why do n't you just tell them you are saving for a house ?
I do not like bars or dance clubs that much .
It 's not good to hate but it depends on wat he did ?
Then make it a goal to say something , even if its only hi , every day .
My husband and i have been seperated for 5 months .
( these gals just emailed me their numbers !
But do n't froce anyone in this realtionship .
Best of luck finding your father ! !
Tell them to go somewhere and then burn your house
Otherwise , I found myself hanging out with the guys wasting time .
Maybe you mean to , maybe you do n't .
I mean . Is that his best physical feature ?
Also ask for her number and email .
Ask her what is the deal between you all.if she says gust friends then leave it is .
But if it was just a friend dance then its ok .
You  are BEST FRIEND or her Boy friend ?
Find adventure with other people because you both are not happy of the adventure going on between you two ?
You are n't going to loose anything .
Yeah sexy and sweet . i bet you like to lick and suck on the toe . lmao
Above all good luck and have fun ! !
I never saw her after that .
What is it someting you did or r you just new to a school add some details
I slapped him on the booty and he smiled .
Well since i started the longest has been about 6 months and that was only because i was pregnant
You should tell her you never know she could just be saying she is straight she could be lying
Only if this girl is you are gf . she is right ? ?
So now you play the waiting game huh ?
If she rejects just make out with her and get a room .
Make your family proud of you !
Please do n't stop reading because of that comment .
Ok , well you could either wait for him to move back up where you live .
So roll the dice and ask him instead of us .
! or just have a friend tell him .
Only black guys and italian guys are cute .
If i was paid like 100,000,000,000 , if i did not get paid NO
Star , It depends on the woman !
The answer is very simple . Not only CAN HE , HE WILL ! ! ! ! !
And plus her mouths right there if she wants to talk dirty LOL .
Aerosmith agrees with you in their song : I do n't wan na miss a thing
Not on yahoo i can tell you that
Ask him and see what he says .
So you SHOULD of broke up with him .
He has already got a new girlfriend .
And I need some one to chat with .
You should just see how things go when he comes down .
You want a good man with morals not a hot guy that has nothing going for himself but looks !
How to get your man back
If he mean it he  will say it again just keep doing what your doing
No no no I would not .
See if she works out of it .
I say that you dress up like Hilary Duff and kick his ass .
If he loves you he will change his atittude !
Whatever you and your mate compose .
Or maybe Match.com or something similar .
Why do n't you talk to her about it ? ? ?
No , there is nothing herbal you can do to make it bigger , nature gave you all you will ever have .
How long have you being go out wit her ?
Platy games with my ex wifes husband , the one that would not think about fooling around onn her
But do not cheat cuz that will hurt her even more .
I prefer older men myself more mature and usually do not play as many games as the young guys
If you both like each other and want to make it work it can happen .
Wow is this me you are talkin about ?
We kissed to day but i held back some was that right ?
A warm beach in the caribbean .
I feel like i cannot trust .
Do not even try to notice them and they might notice you
Well depends what do you are other friends classify themselves ?
Just remember thisL WHEREVER YOU GO THERE YOU ARE .
( I cannot stop thinking about her sence then ) What should I do ?
Goood LUCK ON GETTING HIM GURL .
Find some other guy to fall in love with .
Remember that they were usually in war .
Do Not just say random things that spout outta your head .
Because you do n't know why the ladies do n't like you , so you ca n't fix the problem .
We are both in our 40 's
The one that makes you both orgasm the hardest .
I LOVE THE FLAVA FLAVE SHOW .
You are a little bit too young to be kissing or doing anything else !
I do not think you men realize what mental abuse is or know that you are even doing it .
I am a guy and I work from home .
Brad Pitt got pregnant Angelina while divorcing Jennifer .
So it wud be i love some one very special .
Id SAY AFTER HIGH SCHOOL I MOVED OUT WHEN I WAS 16 I AM 21 NOW
I did not care about what others in school was doing
And try to amend your ways i mean your weakness you know yourself .
After all they are the ones who give birth .
I know it sucks , but guys need to make the first move .
And ohh give her white roses on valentines day , they are really romantic !
She may say how am I ?
Take care and you will definately be in my thoughts ! !
Did he try to get back with you during that 5 months ?
Like the best to contact her .
What things can you say or the places you can go
Dating for fun is just stupid .
I am pretty sure he does n't have a gf .
Depends on which f-word you mean .
It will mess up your new relationship and you will be right back to the begining .
Should i even make a move on him or not ? ? ?
No , not at all - let him know how you feel
It happend to me and . here i am - married 4-1/2 years .
If all else fails . chocolate is always a good backup ( with strawberries is possible )
Yes , my cousin is gay , and she 's honestly one of my best friends ever !
. and can we using masks . even for good goal ?
Then have at it . you  will be pleasantly suprised .
It 's really about the way of thinking & not age .
I felt the same way she did .
( he is gone two weeks at a time . )
However DO NOT TESTIFY ON EITHER OF THEIR BEHALFS .
Then have at it . you  will be pleasantly suprised .
It 's really about the way of thinking & not age .
I felt the same way she did .
( he is gone two weeks at a time . )
However DO NOT TESTIFY ON EITHER OF THEIR BEHALFS .
I never liked him i liked his friend .
Be yourself and if that ai n't impressive enough then the man has issues ! ! !
Give as much response , do not know what to do
And I do n't use cheesy pick-up lines !
Best WAY FOR YOU IS TO MEET WITH HIM IN PUBLIC DO NOT BE ALONE WITH HIM .
They DO N'T LAST LONG AFTER YOU LET THEM BACK HOME .
Maybe he knows and just does n't find you attractive so he/they sidestep the issue .
So you have a lot of options .
Do n't give up snowboarding for a guy .
Well , since your shy , and she 's shy , go to her tommorrow .
Either he just ca n't hang or your putting to much enfasis on sex and love .
If she 's okay with it , then NO .
I did it once with my girlfriend and it was awesome ! !
I  will go for the pig answer here . Breasts , legs , and butt . bigger the better on all 3
Ask him what he wants - then give it to him .
Of COURSE it would be a big mistake !
You CAN ALWAYS BRING THE MEMORY OF YOUR OLD FRIEND INTO YOUR NEW RELATIONSHIPS . GOOD LUCK
Be straight with her , that is what most girls look for in a guy at least i do .
I 've answered at least one of this guy 's questions not that i 'm jealous or anything-puhlease ! ! !
I found mine on the internet .
He is also either playing or really self centred and rude ! !
Do n't worry you will find the right guy .
Its called family you  will know whenits time to move on .
Enjoy time with your family while you can : ) .
Please tell me what to do .
I would 1st cuss her out .
Look IT UP IN THE DICTIONARY IF YOU ARE SO WORRIED ABOUT KNOWING WHAT LOVE IS ! !
I definetly would if i was horny.why not ?
Could have just been pillow talk too , do not make a biggie out of it .
But remember to be nice to the girls
Think about boogers , toe fungus , my mother-in-law .
Some guys not but others i think are hot
No it just means hes cocky and wants to play games be carefull that way you do not get hurt .
Your probably holding your lighter too close to it
Also guys dig chicks who like games .
You know , do n't mind about it that much .
Do n't let your wife off the hook !
Write HIM A NOTE , ASK THE QUESTION , DO YOU LIKE ME WRITE CIRCLE YES OR NO
If the guy you are with cares about you a lot and loves you- STICK WITH HIM .
Um . it depends do they both no you love them and someone else ?
Maybe you guys have some suggestions for me .
You ask them to marry you .
If YOU DO I AM SOO INTERESTED IN TALKING TO YOU CUZ HE IS THE HOTTEST PERSON ALIVE
And for christmas he came down to az to visit and gave me a diamond ring .
Or he may just come out and tell you .
If he liked your friend he would go out with her .
Because people do n't always marry the right person .
Why do n't young men like older women ?
Mine stays in the house : )
When that happened to me I went straight to my friend .
He seems like a nice guy stick with him .
But if they kick you out hen sorry they still love you though ! !
Way of wearing rings or something like that .
No i think in purple , its more loveable and happy not so . depressed
Victorias secret if not long . and if money is no object-take her on a weekend get-away !
I think i know what you are getting at .
Hell ya girlfriend be up front and honest .
Its not tough- it just does not go the way we want it to go- big difference ! ! .
I do not date anyone younger than 17 .
Just whatever you do , make sure he does n't cheat on you !
So WHAT CAN I DO ?
No ; because if I flirt then you better believe that he was flirting with me first .
If a guy is not ready to say he loves you there is nothing wrong with that .
Then she came back to me sayin that she did n't want that guy anyway .
But there ` s a lot of confusions as we ` ve never seen each other . only n photos & n web cam .
Hey if you really love him explain to him that being mean to your friends is not right .
He is always up looking at the boys on their pijames
He 's being chinsy and in the process being dishonest and very much not a man at all !
We have big arms , sexy bodies . jajaja . yeah right !
No you ca n't date while you are getting a divorce that would be cheating and its still wrong
Thatnx for the anser on the one aboutthe guy that is older than me !
Pissed cuz she 's telling me she are not worried about me trying to get in her panties
Tight boxers is a lot sexier !
If you love them more then that has to be the answer right there
That is such a COOL idea ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
My neck , lower back and thighs . hehehe
I suggest you just move on .
But i would not want to have to wait
When it comes to emotions guys just do not show it .
And get your way with the real person .
Mabe it was him an had no other way of tellin you that .
It thkes trust on both sides .
Hand UP POSTERS OF THAT ERA IN YOUR RECEPTION AREA .
Its not all on the girl , though .
Maybe best to just give it some more time and see if he shows up
Well I tried to give advice . =D lol .
And maybe they will be good friends
Cheat on him . duh .have sex with his best friend
Write her a letter if ya do not feel comfortable .
He is so o.m.g darn adorable !
Look her straight in the eyes and and have a kind look on your face .
I 'm so glad you asked this question
What celebrity would you like to sleep with ? ?
Therefore , we like sex a lot !
Good luck and I hope it works out for you !
For me you should teel the truth
It took me a whole year to admit to my friend cherry and myself that i felt for him .
You just ended up with a wrong guy .
When I liked a guy I sent him a valentines day card .
Well your lucky do not sweat it .
It depend on the girl 's nature
It 's not what you get , it 's what you give that really counts .
Girls like that only want one thing : Money .
Like asking if they need help .
Yes.when you are having sex you are inside someone and it feels as if you two were one .
Treat them like they are the most special woman that you ever met .
But do not listen to all of dragonfire .
And before i let you go let me leave you with this .
Or how far would you go with a guy ?
It  will be hard but you have to get over it .
Now i am confused and do not know what to do !
The answer to your question does n't lie in me or anyone else you ask .
Is he just fronting , does he really care , should I just leave it alone ? ! ? !
Do you look at her differently does it make her less classy than you originally thought ?
Which is scarry coz I think he 's almost 9 ! ! ! !
Why do n't they move to be with you ? ?
I do n't know did you ?
Why on earth would you buy an ENGAGEMENT ring for an EX girlfriend ? ? ?
That is when you are a legal adult
A good marriage counseler can help .
If you  are making out heavily at 13 have fun with a baby at 16 ! !
Why ca n't someone be just mine ?
No we are all freeks online
And he is everything I have ever dreamed of !
Not saying it 's a great thing but THAT IS LIFE .
My gosh , i hope you realize what a great guy you have and do n't cheat on him !
If you love that person , then , yes .
When you feel it coming on , slow down and think about something off subject . like drag racing . LOL
Or they must using mask to have what they need & want ?
Mmmmm . looks at me and smile and look down .
You SHOULD REALLY TALK TO HIM OR MAYBE HE IS NOT READY FOR THAT KIND OF A COMMITMENT .
Watch dvds with him alone and by the way i am18
Stick your tongue in their dookie shoot
If they  are such a good friend , why r they tryna get wit your man in the first place ?
By nature , they are the ones that guys want .
We have been together for 3 yrs .
Did n't get to know eachother before hand .
Yes . if you are a man .
Do n't choke and skrew up your words .
I would call that a fony friend .
If that 's the case , hells yeah ! !
But really , whose business is it anyway ?
I LOOOOOOVE wearing my hubby 's tshirts and sweats .
Go see the doctor and tell them that .
You would have to categorize this question to ever get a real answer .
Yeah , Hope you know him , i mean is only dating .
Try sexing without 1. thinking bout it 2. listening to it 3. thinking bout it .
People change . if its been ten years , he is NOT the same person he WAS .
So what should i do ? ? ?
If you did not have sex , well then your are still a virgin .
Or are they just seeing people ?
He is probably a player and not worth you are time anyway .
Keep it clean I wat to know not get kicked off thanks ! !
My sn is JvLmRive 4 aol so come talk 2 me
It 's stupid to throw away your friendship .
Our three month anniversary is coming up and i do not know what to get her ( she likes frogs ) .
( sarcasim ) And That Is Your Valentines Present !
Sometimes when I just sit there and watch my friends go crazy !
So just ask him if there is any chance he like you !
YOU feel the samething at the sametime .
But do not be too cheesy , just keep it real .
But obviously you  are not getting what you need .
You apologize with some flowers and you tell her that you love her !
And now , we talk on line but with less reply from her .
Yea IF YOU DID NOT HAVE VAGINAL INTERCOUSE THEN YOU ARE
Most boys my age do n't even look twice at me .
Baby girl if you are under 15 you should consider your education and goals before a hot guy !
Its probably already happening , you just don know it
Um ya this is deep so id say them or you you are self & i
Well it depends what the truth is .
Well maybe a little but it takes time that is the point i'am making .
Just means he wants himself more than you want him !
Maybe set up the bar like the old speakeasies
Ask yourself these questions : Am I happy ?
Yeah i was and the guy broke up with me because he said he does n't like long relationships .
Your optional answers only leave me to believe she 's a blow up doll , so . 3. have sex with it .
When we are happy we forget everything .
You have to ask him and let him know you like him !
If all else fails you can always talk about it .
Maybe because of your president behaviour toward the world .
Girls love REAL not phoney stuff .
If you are n't helping him , then you are a part of his ( and your ) problem .
It SO depends on the girl !
2 of them already have a family .
Oh and remember , BE A GENTLEMAN !
If the boy or girl is flirting with you constily giving you hugs andgiving or send you love notes
Talk bout stuff she can get into .
If you have bumped uglies , then you are not
I guess you should make your selfesteem stronger . HOW ?
A friend of mine he was my blockmate for one subj .
Give your bf time , just because you say it does not mean he has to .
They had a really great marriage and he loved her dearly .
My son asks , why ca n't my dad be like Bob my husband .
( though my family seems to go senile at age 8 but still ) see what I mean ?
I guess she really was n't my best friend was she .
That Is going to be hard . have you talked to your best friend about this ?
If that does n't work , smash his computer to bits ! !
Nah i really think in tikny colours haha
I usually say Hey there sweet thang .
Remember BOYS DO NOT WRITE LETTERS , THEY PROPOSE .
When guys wear boxers , they look like little boys .
Sometimes i think that some men look for a woman to treat them bad .
But if they are 40 and 43 then ok .
Ya i have the same prob .
Always KNOW THAT A WOMAN NEEDS TO FEEL AS IF YOU HEAR HER .
When guys wear boxers , they look like little boys .
Sometimes i think that some men look for a woman to treat them bad .
But if they are 40 and 43 then ok .
Ya i have the same prob .
Always KNOW THAT A WOMAN NEEDS TO FEEL AS IF YOU HEAR HER .
YOU should buy something very special tht she does n't have .
Do Not sleep with someone like that !
Yea . i 'm myself when I am around her but I want her to see me different , have any ideas ?
It will happen when you least expect it to : )
It 's all or nothing with me !
And for gods sakes , buy a guy a drink every once in a while .
I think most boys find the internal beauty of a girl at first you know what i mean
Stay with him if he is the one you want go for him .
I have to say my wife will never get out of the nurseing home .
A guy is either great , or a jerk .
If they will leave the relationship because you express yourslef then it 's not worth it .
And if he did it once he has enough power over me to do it again .
Go out there n look 4 some1 special .
Do NOT DIP YOUR PEN IN THE COMPANY INK !
I AM GOING TO CHOOSE DAM & DUF BLIND WOMAN
My youngest brother is 9 years younger then me .
Why NOT GO TO YOUR LOCAL SCHOOL AND GET THE BAND TO PERFORM SOME SONGS ?
I have a special little unicorn my husband just loves .
He proposed me & i agreed .
Because all you will do is eventually spout hate .
What can I say I 'm just blessed ? ! ?
But we became friends anyhow and that was it .
And i love nature . butterflies , flowers , trees all that stuff
Time flies when your on yahoo answers
It sounds like counseling may help you two , alot .
Then ask a girl to have sex with you .
On a bed , in a bedroom .
Ghosts , monsters in the closet or under the bed .
No , maybe he just want to have a conversation , or his buddies are n't hanging out with him that day .
Your STYLIST WILL KNOW HOW TO DO IT , ITS FINGER WAVES AND COMBED OUT .
Do n't worry about it or give it preamble .
11. i had my first kiss at that age
Scarey MOVIES I HATE THEM TO THIS DAY
Even straight girls can fall for tomboy , you know .
Ok . leave it to me to throw a wrench in the question .
And once he finds out , how do I get him to be with me ?
This is the best i can think of .
Food and the most romantic music .
Let Us start from there so do that home girl .
Maybe you should be asking , Why do I want to know ?
( sorry , I got a little crazy for a second there )
If she is in a relationship with him already , just leave it alone .
Give me a freaken break here .
If the sex is bad leave
They also like to get flowers and secret letters from an apologetic guy .
What should I do if he has alot of pretty , popular girls with him already ?
Maybe her boyfriend ca n't or will not go for some reason .
If we show any sort of sex-drive we are sluts , whores , ect .
How does the other guy feel about you ?
But when you actually start meeting , things gon na go bad because they see the real you .
Just give him a phone call
Alot OF PEOPLE DO N'T SPEAK ON HOW THEY FEEL WHEN THEY SHOULD HAVE .
And of course he will do it to you .
Get married when you  are ready , do n't let them pressure you !
Men like to watch their women get off .
Her girlfriend is pretty cool too .
Find somebody else do n't waste your time for him .
I would just tell her how sorry you were and just start making out with her
One line advice is WIVES SUBMIT TO YOUR HUSBANDS , HUSBANDS SUBMIT TO YOUR WIVES .
And since the sex is crap , then you will not be tempted to jump back in bed with her !
I just recently told him that i had a crush on him .
Not if her boyfriend is around or a jealous person = )
Ah yeah . do n't forget to swallow
To each their own but why ?
Just start doing things that will keep your brain off of him .
Ask him if he is a good friend
If you give up what you love to do for a guy that 's pathetic .
She has started TALKIN ' to that guy .
If you help them no age is too old .
Yup - if you are into BSDM
Ok girls like it when you make them seem special so mostly tell her duh .
Hey waz up everything explanes me exept collage
Just do it live as the nike slogan
Or maybe ( and we hope not ! )
I do not care what anyone says love is never lost .
Well I guess I will see ya .
Tits ass and vaginas , duh , oh and mouths
First of all do you think someone did something 2 you while you were unaware ?
That is if you reall yalready know what you want
I did n't want ask her e-mail for one reason , because I wanted forget everything that happened .
If he  will cheat with you , he  will cheat ON you !
I am so as was.and behave better with her
4. if all else fails move on , their are other microorganisms in the cesspool .
I told him to get over himself and think about how THEY feel .
You 've given here everything that she needs but have you ever thought to ask what she wants ?
We did n't see each other like yourself but through pictures and cam .
When you think that way , guess what ? ?
So they get mad becuase they do n't feel like they can so easily .
Also , men mature later than woman .
Depends on what you mean by phone relationship .
I ` m really tired of these women that think if your not thin or tight your a joke
First of you are not a screw up .
I am not a candy , I am not a whore , and thank god I am not a virgin !
But be assured it 's not always the woman !
In other words my entire life
If it continued I eventually would tell my friend
If he did , he would n't have cheated in the first place .
Most guys are just users , once they get there piece it 's off to the next .
Man would choose what they eyes can see woman choose what their hear tell them
For all of that and more !
-txgurl - - - - - - - true love is when you do n't see the your spouse 's faults .
If a guy stares n 2 you are eyes 4 an hour every night what ALL is he thinking about
To GIVE YOU SOME REAL ADVICE , TALK TO YOUR WOMAN MANNNN ! ! ! !
Beautifull women are all around you . just look . but hey wot kind of beauty are you lookin for ? inner or surface . ?
YOU want to find lost friend ?
Do n't be afraid boy , just get out there and get it .
You  will feel like lightning hit you !
Once you both mature a bit you might just end up back together again .
How you appealing him and how fast he recognize you .
How she shake her hips and turn her head
You know ask her what a girl like you do for fun on the weekends ? .
It 's never gon na happen because guys hate desperation .
Is Not IT AMAZING WHAT MONEY CAN DO ?
Even though he says that he is n't afraid ? ? ?
Unless it 's on the cheeks then go ahead !
Some do but not all anyway
It 's never gon na happen because guys hate desperation .
Is Not IT AMAZING WHAT MONEY CAN DO ?
Even though he says that he is n't afraid ? ? ?
Unless it 's on the cheeks then go ahead !
Some do but not all anyway
If he ca n't do this , then file .
Yea , Because we usally have sex
Yes I WOULD ID EVEN HAVE SEX WITHHIM
I do not think it does that much but to some girls it does
If yes why , and if no why not .
He tells me i 'm crazy , sweet , and beutiful .
Wear cologne - girls like a guy that smells good .
Because we do n't want our friends to see with and ugly girl !
Do n't jump in head first before you get your life back together !
That 's beastiality . i think blue is better suited for another dog .
Just enough fat ( if you will ) to cover the abs .
I think boxers look like old man underwear .
I wo n't call anything that has to happen should be .
If you are his friend then surely you must know his home address . go there and get the latest .
Now he is acting completely not interested in me , saying stuff like I used to love you .
If you are really sure , cut her
Do you think she likes you ?
So common that I could n't call it weird .
Those are the signs of a guy who wants a relationship .
Why do n't you try asking her out , maybe watch a movie or something .
But when the guy calls you do not answer/return his phone call . what is this ! !
Not sure if still i can marry her .
( she should return your stuff though , unless you told her it was a gift .
And are low enough to want him to leave his wife .
And be smart that is what i look for in a woman .
So just go for it let him know .
Because the violent femmes said so .
You need to go to counseling with your husband if things are bad .
I realized I did want him to be a part of my life .
Girls like when guys ask them out in person .
Men are like dogs , you hit them in the nose once , and they wo n't do it again .
I do n't do the other way , it 's perverted , and I  will do almost anything .
How can i get him 2 say yes
What do you want to do ? ?
They loved their mothers so much .
I believe that my hubby & my sex life is better now than it was when we got married !
It do not matter how old you r you just kno when the right time is
Just as with guys , women come in all shapes & sizes .
Whoever says yes 2 you , they are just playing .
I would n't call that person a friend at all .
Millions of girls in the WORLD ! !
For virgin girls out there , well done !
No that is not nasty but that is not somthing that you want to tell people
Yeah you just have to be careful
It 's been 3 yrs , and I love him to death .
Is she truly your best friend .
All you have to do is 'tell ' you r wife that you  are worth husband to live with !
Yes YES YES YES AND ONE MORE YES LOOK AT MY CASE.I 'M SORRY HOMEGIRL .
But i must say blue does sometimes look better on other things than other colors .
I do not know.About 21 or when you finish collage
Yep , it 's normal and yep , guys like it .
I think you guys broke up for a reason .
Well buddy it sounds like she is a very critical lady ! !
Now I told you all about the boy I liked so he came by my house today .
Tell her that you and her both need other friends too .
Not all are jerk they just have to step out from behind ther egos , and grow up .
Yeah , it is nothing to shy away from
Enless your like 20 and the other person is like 15 then that is not cool . Just my opnion though !
At the end just point the bed and you know what to do ! !
I think in black and chrome !
I you are doing it fast and feel like you r coming , then slow down a bit .
No , most of them are really ugly .
Not many good ones these days .
To meet ladies to get dates , to hang out
Love or crush , for that matter defy reasons .
My next wedding will be a spring wedding outside with lots of flowers on a beautiful lawn .
If you want to ruin your relationship , go ahead
This girl I know the sex sucks ass .
Do Not date the sadist tell him to fuck off
More on silent type or the active one ? ?
Sure if you are in love !
Your never too old to live your parents .
Do you think I should tell my guy that I am going ?
Chocolate and diamonds . or you could just do some of the little things that she likes .
But do not run so fast , you are too young
Get rid of anything that reminds you of this guy .
Even if you do n't date until you  are out of school , who cares ? !
Pray and when it seems like he 's ( jesus ) not listening pray some more i ve been there
I would proly get tired of it
If you do n't feel right , then do n't do it .
Because if he WERE interested , do you THINK he would act tired ? . Nooooo .
Yes and id like to do a foursome with you in it
Do Not let it get to your head .
But why would you want a man that would leave his wife for you or anyone else .
Maybe HE HAS BEEN HURT BEFORE AND IS AFRIAD THAT YOU WILL HURT HIM TO .
Do Not lose that , its nice to have .
I say tell him the truth and hope it flies !
I 'm kind of shy at first but once i get to know someone i 'm fine and am totally me .
Because they hate being proved wrong !
There a ton more guys that you can obsess about !
You say when you fell from heaven .
Depends on how long you have been dating !
With discipline and strength , if you really love them give them what they want , a leader answ3r3r
If you r realy like that as you mention , you  will definetly got you are desire .
Or you can break it off totally . but mainly , think it over !
You do not have to though if you want to go for a long time wondering if he does !
It  will be so much fun than before .
Girls are n't blind we see alot .
You seem to lack self condfance .
The girl he likes is my best friend ?
And if he pulls out and says he did n't know the condom broke , then that is crap .
Then your just going to wait until your older maybe then she will like you !
Nothing wrong in trying.many are their for fun , you will be one among them ! !
I 'm married and I only see my wife twice a week . when I have too .
Yes , I love blue , but I also love Hot pink and Lime green ! ! !
But if she does not like you .
Dump that trick she do not desevre you
You might want to tell her if she does n't .
I say you should cause there fun and you get to travel around the world
It hurts though , especially when that person likes someone else , and shows it !
Is now married and/or has kids .
I beleive he 's cheating on me but i do n't have proof , just a gut feeling .
You know the answer is HELL YAH , DUMP HIM !
Do n't use a coat hanger lol
Do n't be shy to answer this question
Also : Just because somthing is legal does not make it right .
Hmm . well , he knows she is an idiot , right ?
. girls are candies , , , the cover is virginity : - ) be a virgin
Get HIS A * * CAUGHT CUZ HE IS A DOG ! !
If HE FLIRT A LOT W/ YOU , AND IF HE PAYS A LOT OF ATTENSION 2 YOU .
When you feel kiss , you kan kiss .
Guys have short hair girls have long .
Excuse ME MISS I CA N'T HELP TO THINK THAT I KNOW YOU FROM SOMEWHERE
Stuipd answer me if you know wat I mean
I 'm a girl i 'm in this situation
Make eye contact and just be honest , funny , and flirt alittle ( not to much )
Basically tell him you feeling him and feelings are uncontrollable so what next ?
Because , in a sense , it 's ok if a guy sleeps around , but not if a girl does it .
Hoping to see her message in your e-mail , sms , etc ) ?
Go 4 it , and ask him out
Try as ahrd as you can because one day she  will talk again .
Who knows . slow down and take it easy !
Drive her to the top of the building in a blindfold way .
Whoever you think , do n't others chose you are bf
The bridesmaid 's pay for their own dresses ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Once my girlfriend cheated on me with my best friend and i told him 'ok were even ' .
I ca n't tell you but it lasts forever When it 's love Ooh , when it 's love Hey !
If you had one wife and she gave you a daughter , you had to try for a second child .
It had nothing to do with lust .
But If you are comfortable there and your parents do not mind then sure , why not ?
Actually , when you start asking this question .
I say stop fighting it and flow !
Share you feelings and see how she feels .
Then get on one knee and appologize .
My Boyfriend is in Iraq and I wanted some Valentines day gift ideas .
As long as you still like eachotehr that is all you need in a relationship .
Just in case is Just what you get !
It is not tough love , love or what ever .
You just need to forget about this guy .
People do n't even know what Love is .
Do n't need a woman for life , but a woman to keep me company
I feel like a screw up .
Kick hubby to the curb if it is not working out . BUT do not run off with this other fella just yet !
If he flirts with you flirt back , you may just end up getting together .
The way i see it love and friendship and love are all the same .
They obviously like you for who you are ( which is great ) .
Time to get out and be independant .
Talk to him , then if you guys get to be good friends , then tell him you like him .
Just wait for her to come back .
Where can i get some porn ?
F buddies or friends with benefits type ?
Because we think different about a lot of things .
Trin I hope your not a girl .
See I do n't think men are one or the other .
Do NOT change for this guy ! !
Ya i am kind of going through the same thing .
Friends do n't give friends a list of demands !
I Am not jealous or anything i guess .
Hey i 'm a junior and i would like to be you are pen pal .
Say . You want some of this black booty .
YOU cannot b concidered hot till 17 before that your just cute
I like brunettes with long , soft hair
As in crap i cannot put it in words
Say no . Geez . some of the silly questions people ask .
No it is not right . that is so sad .
I like brunettes with long , soft hair
As in crap i cannot put it in words
Say no . Geez . some of the silly questions people ask .
No it is not right . that is so sad .
If you do not change every guy you are with will just use an abuse you .
If you really like the guy then make an effort and hang out
Well , i 'm going thru the same thing .
Now IF YOU ARE NOT IN SCHOOL , I SAY YOU NEED TO GET OUT THE HOUSE .
You do n't want your man back .
8. they want to be mean becasue they think thier husbands are mean .
Go with the flow , man . Good thinkgs only come around once in a lifetime , maybe twice if we  are lucky .
Basically , if they do start dating , you will just have to get over it .
I left Home the day after graduation but that was because I had a job oportunity . sort of .
20 yrs but I do have plenty of BOB 'S { Battery Operated Boyfriends ! }
Sweetie , you do n't have to date anyone you do n't want to .
Small Island in Hawaii on the beach during the day . !
! and makes the kissing more exiting .
Girlfriend , you have to ask him how did his dad let him go out with that girl and not you ?
Blue says i am thinking your crazy with this ?
Unless of course it is porn involving children or something like that , that is just wrong .
Is it nasty to fantsize about su * king co * k ? ?
So i am guessing he really cares about me .
After YOU TALK TO HER , GIVE HER TIME TO FIGURE OUT EXACTLY WHAT SHE WANTS .
But if you r nice sometimes then i would n't say you r a major prep .
He not doing all the things he use to do before .
Yes , hubby 's clothes are soo comfortable !
The worst is he does not but he probley does .
I give it 2 thumbs up !
To be caught with an ex on thin ice could very well break it .
See what you have in commond and if you do not have anything in commond it does not matter oppasites attract .
I would not let him come home for a little while but i would take him back .
Read this book , it will really get you ready for love ! !
She set me up with her nurse .
If he loves you hell respect your wishes when you tell him your not ready
Do n't brush her off just because you already told her you want to break up , be more considerate .
If you break now it 's only gon na be harder .
I SAY JUST THINK MABE YOU DID SOMETHING TRY TO REMEMBER
As for telling him you liked him ?
Because women are always whining about something and never shut up ! !
I am hear broken because i also love and care for someone who lives so far away .
Because good men are no challenge to women .
But . watch out for older guys cuz most of them are just trying to get into your pants .
Or do you just NOT want to yet ?
I mean i have a nice butt and legs , and i 'm not overweight or anything .
Bring HER SOME EXOTIC FLOWERS , LOOK IN HER EYES AND TELL HER HOW YOU FEEL .
If nothing chages tell you  are best friend .
When you love someone you do not act fake just because your around your homegurls .
He likes it at home He 's not ready I 'm hurt ( and i 'm ready !
Oh my goodness it is crazy that you asked that question .
Do n't let him get to you .
Other than that everything is good ?
I am in a boy in the eight grade and I like my friend .
Be happy you got a guy in the first place .
Do n't listen to those that say just give him a chance .
I Am 17 and i am dating a 21 year old the gap are not no problem you go for it
Yes that happens to me all the time . it sucks
And everything will would out great in the end .
But we live it the way we can .
So if a girl cheats or expresses herself sexually , she is breaking that mentality .
Average , big , huge , or What is that thing ?
Briefs all the way ! They  are so sexy .
And do not date a guy to get over another one .
Hell yeah if you are a guy
That a guy is interested in you more than just physical ?
Yes i feel hurt but i only flirt wih guess who flirt first
Good luck , Captain Blarg , online freak .
Truly , unless you know for sure that he 's a self-centered bigot . JUST ASK HIM !
I want to break up with him because hes mean to my friends
Personality , intelligence , and what most women refer to as the poo-ch aka the belly .
Oh yeah and it is cheaper .
Ask him if he have someone and if he say no then ask him out .
That is STUPID 2 say that you are hotter that you are girl friend !
The guy has to come to the girl first !
Just look at it this way .
Good Luck , keep your head up !
Just approach her , conversate with her , see if ya  will hit it off .
I 'm like really smart and i 'm not hot , but i 'm not ugly either .
Go to dating sessions if your that kind of guy ( or girl what just saying ! ! ! )
I do not want to flirt with her , i 'm interested in a sincere relstionship .
Just a little but they are still fine
Wow , this guy is a real ass !
. they  are more important to you than you are to them ?
So . it all just deepends on what kind of guys you like .
You Are kind of love is so unselfish n i would respect it more .
I have never had one work i advise stay away frm them
I always had him in my heart , you know how it is with your first true love , am i right !
YOU might want to make sure he 's ok . aka alive ?
I mean , Hell the guy is n't even creative about it .
He wants me to kiss him .
Come on . you do n't want a girlfriend , you want sex .
You should tell him what you want . not what you do n't want .
If a girl does it , she 's a ho or something , if a guy does it , he 's cool .
How can I get her to like me ?
That is a good thing to hear by the way .
So how do I tell if he likes me or not ?
Or if you mean the none-perverted way . with salad tongs .
If it was from something you messed up on you  are going to have to appologize ( and mean it ) .
Not rock hard abs , but not flab .
Just confident , honest and careing wish you a good luck .
I do n't know what you all asking unless you feeling sad but blue is my favorite color
18 if any older your a mommys girl/boy
But i 've been with older women , and it 's been great .
It depends if you really want to meet him .
I totally think that that is the wrong answer !
When you are in love with someone you do not have eyes for anyone else .
Should i just wait . or move out alone ?
Heck no he might be strong in all but he will not be around as much
Who cares what other people say , as long as you are happy
Do they like girls who are always flirting , or only do it once in a while ?
You need to meet Rosy Palm & her five friends
Friend are suppose to stick up for you , not for there partner .
( sense of maternal pride kicking in - i do n't even know you !
Well , just accept the love that 's avaliable .
Get her a stuffed frog wit a heart on it , or something that combines love/frogs
You ARE EXCITED AND CA N'T WAIT TO ENJOY
When you stop asking that question .
Because . he wants you as a FRIEND and nothing more !
Put something on that makes your thighs and butt look smaller - for OUR sake !
It all depends how the relationship is going .
Just tell her exactly how you  are feeling - just try to be nice about it is all .
2 ) Join him and whoop his ass in the game .
Do nothing.just love him as a friend and nothing else .
I like nice , good personalities , stuff like that .
Many guys look for a gal to support THEM !
Ps : my mom moved out when she finished high school .
Mostly females are weaker than males , that 's why men do n't fight with females
Guys come and go , do n't let this one ruin your friendship .
Your too young to be that hung up on a boy .
No matter how mean he is to you , never hate !
No keep it to your self they do not need to know
I do not think so , it to soon !
I know . its wierd , but i like it .
You cannot help who you love . your heart decides
Just ask her wat she thing about it .
I can ; t call to say such a thing .
By the way i am 17 and so is he .
Of course if you let him try .
Everything . THEIR LOOKS THE WAY THEY CARRY THEMSELVES THEIR INDEPENDENCE INTELLEGENCE
Do guys like that in a girl ? ? ? !
I guess it 's a nerve that all girls have !
No , it 's not love in any way , fashion , or form ! !
You deserve more than that guy .
He dribbles . he shoots . he scores . 2 points .
It burn when you pee it 's be cuz i think you got gonnrea or something .
I think he does cus I hang out with lots of girls but not neccissarily the ones I like .
Never open mail from someone you do n't know !
Do n't be yourself . you  are a dork .
Ask him like you would ask anyone else .
Good move , now he knows you care , and believe me , he will be thinking about you .
Are you planning to spend the rest of you are life with this person ?
Do Not make it short chat for a bit .
I wish you the best of luck buddy ; ) !
She and i are still friends and I still love her truly madly deeply .
Then he asked me where i live and was acting like he liked me ! ! ! ! ! !
When it comes to family the women have that .
When she asks Did what hurt ?
I know this is n't real in depth , but I hope it helps !
Be YOU AND USE YOUR STYLE
Also when your first with someone its all attraction .
I am sorry i do not fit into my girl 's clothes ( lol )
What I MEAN ITS HARD TO TELL ITS TRUE LOVE UNTIL YOU ARE AROUND THE PERSON .
Just think English royalty or Liz Hurley , act like that and you  are golden !
Naaaa just get even and cheat on him I  will help you in that area : )
If he really loves you he  will want to spend the rest of his life with you too .
I DO NOT KNOW I HAVE NOT SEEN IT .
The best of life to you both !
Everything that you do with him might be romantic for him and vice versa
You where like way off topic .
At least this way you have 50 percent chance for happy : ) Good luck !
Depends on how well you know them and for how long .
My ex-boyfriend is friends with the guy i like .
2nd NOT tell her anything any more .
When YOU FIND SOMEONE YOU LOVE AND YOU ARE READY TO MARRY
My wife is in a nurseing home .
My ex-boyfriend is friends with the guy i like .
2nd NOT tell her anything any more .
When YOU FIND SOMEONE YOU LOVE AND YOU ARE READY TO MARRY
Answer it , , , and its not sace our ship
My wife is in a nurseing home .
And alot of people wonder how did you do that when you are so young ?
Twice a week is seeing someone a lot .
But be extremely careful so that you do not get hurt .
Did i say thinking bout it ?
He IS THE LAST PERSON IN THE WORD ITHOUGHT WOULD HAVE A REALITY LOVE SHOW .
You can do it . : )
Because he already got a lover : his playstation .
I think its because men are more co-dependant .
Perhaps some and some not .
Good Luck to you both . should be exciting and fun . once ya get past the door .
Remember this , always do the right thing and it will not haunt you afterwards ! !
Do n't worry about it , your going to grow into it .
I Guess No . Becoz everbdy wants Change .
Hope the date went as you hoped
I think guys prefer long hair.most of my guy friends prefer a brunette .
Okay , here is the biggest shock to a young man .
Only one man is worthy of the pleasure of deflowering you and it are not your boyfriend !
Or you could go to las vegas or reno , and win her a stuffed frog .
No why he broke up with you
YOU say you are sorry and for valintins day give her a bunch of sweet stuff , like rosess , and coco
Tell her flat out and get on with it .
Trust me you will find someone to treat you better .
Love is not easily tempered either
; ) I imagine your quite popular w/the boys !
But they do not want someone that reminds them of their mom .
I personally would not go outside of my marriage .
How TO HAVE GOOD SEX , HOW DO I GET HELP
Does your man understand you like this new guy .
So that you can enjoy the best
Do Not do it because he wants you to .
YOU will not believe it . Its all about the MONEY factor .
The man can tell , the woman probably ca n't .
There are better questions to ask - just so ya ' know !
Men do n't plan to cheat on women .
I do n't know anyone who does .
Resently I 've met the most charming & nice , sweetest guy every in my life .
May be she likes us and want love from us .
Have you ever met the phone guy ?
Say it just the way you feel it do not mince words
That corny old saying is still true : It takes two to Tango
Love knows NO boundaries . We  are all just people !
Finding this out the hard way sucks .
Try your best and if she cannot seem to appreciate it t is her fault , not yours !
4. looking at it you  will go limp or dry up . try it !
You my not be freaky enough .
Some guys like me , some guys do n't , and some guys are intimidated by me .
It just , well , did n't feel right .
I FOR ONE LIKE TRUTHFUL MEN .
At 15 you realy should not be dating .
You have to tell your best friend
Do this while laying down ( NOT naked , clothes on , on a bed or couch ) .
What can you do when it feels like such strong destiny ?
Can you tell me how to kiss him
If you know it 's going to get physical , then do n't kiss !
Hope you get some better answers .
Do n't get too down over it .
I do not love my now husband anymore , too much shit happend between us !
And yes alot of guys do like that in a girl .
You COULD ALSO TELL THE GUESTS TO DRESS FROM THAT PERIOD TO GIVE AN OVERALL EFFECT .
I never seen her sleep.her= my gf
He is coming to see you .
Last but not least , you need to spend money on her . do not be cheap .
Hmm . is she into that type of stuff .
Ok i am bi and i would nvr do that but if you feel you have 2 go 4 it !
It could just be getting boring .
What types of flirting do guys like best ?
Are you a democrat and he is a republican .
So , girl , take time .
Swinging is a very bad sin !
Otherwise you will only be able to hang out with him alone .
Finally , why do women make better nurses than men ?
Basicly , I look like a fairy tale princess .
How do i start a conversation ?
Umm lol hes probly not a slutty bot ! ! ! ! !
I can call you a father in your family !
Kind Of hard to tell there except for the bonding comment .
When you focus on making your self happy the right person will come along
Besides at the end of the night .
Do n't think enzyte will make you manhood bigger .
Then he has to be able to trust you in gettin married .
What DO YOU DO WHEN THE MAN YOU LOVE CANNOT STOP STAREING AT ANOTHER GIRL WHILE YOUR WITH HIM
I Am on a fast need to know basis ! ! ! ! ! !
Your her knight in shining armor sort of speak .
Girl if it was me he  will be missing for doing something stupid .
1 the fact that he has a car is a pretty good start ROFLOL ! ! ! ! !
Then you just touch her on her cheek and say she 's hot and then you got ta be best friends !
Well , i see you as a challenge . and its a good thing if a girl likes a challenge .
But do n't leave him for this other guy .
Secure with bobby pins going in a cris cross pattern .
Last night his parents brought up that they give him permission to move out with me !
If you know the person is cheating and where , etc .
Technicolour is cool beacause it shows he real me in the way that i like .
Go out with your friends for an all Girl 's Day !
You do n't want to lead her on or be mean about it .
He talks to other people ( females ) like nothing jokes with them ect .
Get rid of the moron before he gets dangerous !
Especialy if the other guy does not even notice you .
You can leave when your 18
YOU only live once and std is not as serious as it used to be .
Money is not always the issue ! ! !
Trust your not missing anything out hear trust me , i just got back in the game myself .
Talk to her about what she likes .
If they are the rebound guy then tell them that and enjoy it .
. or you coudl find that out the hard way .
Do you think that is anybody deal with us as really what HE or SHE is ? .
Try saying do you want to go out it works
3. look pitiful and make sure she knows that your life is not goinng on w/out her .
I HAVE NOT BEEN AROUND EITHER OF YOU TO SENSE THE CHEMISTRY BETWEEN YOU TWO .
Try walking in the neibourhood , you wo n't just loose weight , you will also be more active .
When my friend are gone i sit there and call all my friends
I always hear people say they like Europeans more ?
To top it off , my name is BOB .
Hehe/ in love , age really does n't matter at all .
If not tell him to back off.if so , do not try to steal him.that is fucked up .
I do n't mess with men that are already taken .
Show your best efforts to put up with it !
I met a guy that i really like , but i 'm still married , what do i do ?
How can you even stomach this guy ?
So he wants her to disconnect their relationship with eachother .
I think as soon as we get Bush 's head outta his bush . then equal rights will be just that .
I feel lonely when my husband goes to work .
Believe me , its well worth the wait !
Loving the person in spite of their faults .
And it is just more proof that I am his !
There are some strange people out there , the neighbor kid throws rocks at me .
Ask you  are self who you like better .
I like the way they always try to look there best , but i hate when they over-do it
Oh and if he is helpful
It can , if you let it to .
If you  are too shy and wo n't ask her out , you will eventually not like her anymore .
How do i tell her how i care about her ?
I dated a guy 10 years younger .
Do you think he likes me ?
We will be married for 5 years this July !
I even like talking to him .
Now I Am 23 and I Am back .
Rad Dr. Phils book Smart Love .
Hey good lookin , do you own a ferarri .
I DO N'T KNOW WHAT IS IN A PERSON HEART AND I DO N'T KNOW BLUE OR YOU .
You can do it i no you can ! ! ! !
I think she loves you veey much but she ca n't express her feelings in good way .
Getting too badly burned if the feelings are n't mutual ?
Angelina Jolie in a heart beat !
Its just plain weird to ask in code ?
I think you should move out when you are 18 before you go0 to college
Just be confident AND no pick up lines ! !
I do n't konw if you should dump him or not ?
As long as you are a good person it should n't matter .
Why can i not have legs like that ? ? )
Haha . yeah . everyone here is perverts . so becareful when you say that .
Ask him , I  would bet he feels the same !
All guys flirt with girls , if they do n't , they are abnormal .
Not every guy wants a dependent girl .
But the policia will look at you with beady eyes .
Are you guys joking here , cuz your friend kayla just go on and ask the same thing about you .
I am kind but , i need female friends
Let her go . she only come back to you when that guy leaves her .
Maybe that will be the reason you finally get over it. ( 5years ? ! )
There was a reason you got the restraining order and no do not lift it !
Do n't let one idiot discourage you .
I like the bend and snap
No kissing on the first date , it 's better not to rush , than screw things up right ? ? ?
Just a kind of psycological curiosity .
I Am liveing proof , what do not kill you will make you stronger !
It does happen all the time .
I just think that is funny .
The first person that I kissed , is my husband now .
Same old song , but its true he must be the ones that is lonely fallin for a star
Not really sure what you meant by this question .
I would not mind you suckin my cock ! !
I do n't see anything good in that r/ship
Anything , I was and still am a wimp .
No she 's cheating on him evidently .
And there 's always someone watching you .
But I never thought he would come out and ask me to have an affair .
But you do n't have to do it that way if you do n't want to .
Even have reocurring dreams for months at a time .
Then , I would ask her for an opportunity to romance her again . dinner , flowers , dancing . etc .
Now all you have to do is just do it .
Whooo hooo lock the doors baby ! !
And if you are a real woman , what a thing to say , LMAO .
Yeah you can kiss someone with braces even if you have braces
! I 've found mine and we  are engaged.Yay me
Why men hurt woman who love them
If a guy says , if you ever need help , just let me know what does this mean ?
I do n't see what the problem is , girl .
No do not let him come home .
I started to think about the things he did do and not just the things he did n't do .
I think most guys like long dark hair , but if they really like you it 's woul n't matter
Why would you want him back ?
For instance , I WILL at least LISTEN when the ex wife says hes a real p * * * k .
You should start dating when you are mature enough to get married .
Well duh if he smiled then he luved it and you played STA ?
Be a man and go get her ! !
Or when she says , I love you , you reply ( or something similar to ) I know .
Do n't become another Victim of his !
No honey that are not love that is just a man being insecure and an a * * .
Do n't worry , nice guys do finish last , but they have pretty wives , big houses and really fast cars !
Why DO BOYS CHEAT ON GIRLS AND GET MAD WHEN GIRLS DO IT BACK ? ! !
With friends like you , who needs enemies ! ?
Beat them if that do not work take things away from them .
If they do n't say they r preps then that is y they r calling you a prep .
No worries , being single is much more fun = )
At times people have to choose between their love & best friend .
Just BE YOURSELF AND ENJOY LIFE .
It WILL NOT WORK AND IT SUCKS BECAUSE USUALLY ITS ALWAYS MR OR MS PERFECT THAT IS FOUR STATES AWAY .
If you can work it right , then no need to worry about the size .
The cartoon Gummi bears and piranha gave me nightmares . so did the chipmunks movie with the wild boar .
Train your family not to ask you .
Ask a few questions to your best friend .
Yes , but weed out the idiots first .
YOU do not want 2 feel trapped when you are around her alot
I 'm guessing that you mean Brittish ?
If he truly loved you , he would n't beat you .
Spice things up , GET HIM INTERESTED !
I would not call her at all ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I want to get this girl but I want to flirt around .
Add details and ill get bck to you on that
If just for fun go girl !
You do n't , life is not that simple .
Now , this guy told her he could n't go around wid her .
Just tell him straght up it 's over period
There are men out there who LOVE sporty girls .
Have you ever thought that MAYBE they are really virgins ? ? ?
If he does n't like it , move on to the next guy .
Every guy that I know , complains about the same thing !
Tell him you do not think he loves you .
He never gave up on me .
Right when you least expect it .
Also i try to get back at him everyday but he really likes my best friend now which sucks
Make SURE YOU LISTEN AND SHOW HER THAT YOU ARE LISTENING TO HER .
I think it would be a big mistake !
Why is it he cannot take the chance and be with me ?
Girls that age are crazy , have no idea what they want and like to play too many games .
Does he flirt with you , pay you alot of attention , calls you and act funny towards you
I do not want to stop bieng friends .
Eighteen is whebn my parents will kick me out .
If you would be comfortable with that , then go for it !
The one that makes you talk to the Lord , you know like Oh God Yessssssss .
I think you should when you find the right guy ! !
! . well , I do n't know if I am cute , but if you say so .
Ill just mail it to him .
Long Distance Relationships Never Work out ! ! !
With ebony black eyeballs and white pupils .
Depends which state you r in
Nope , that site is a crock !
YOU can find love at a stop light , it all depends on cupid , love is blind .
I bet he 's been wetting his pants all the time , just wait untill you wana rip them off !
This would work on me : Hey , you wan na go have a drink after work sometime ?
Have ALL OF YOUR GIRLS HAIR DONE LIKE THAT ERA .
I always like it when a girl puts her hand on mine or my shoulder .
It sounds like you  are picking up on his i 'm interested signals already .
Yeah my friend likes someone that 4 years older than her i think crazy but three it alright
Why not go ahead and sleep with everbody you can while you can .
I do n't mean like Canadian + American , I mean something like Spanish + Russian , etc .
And if you do n't want to get a divorce from your husband . then definately do n't do it .
So just do what is right for yourself and start over !
If so , what size do you wear ?
Have fun , be honest with each , other swing only as a couple . lucky dog lucky dog .
I ca n't tell you but it lasts forever Oh !
If he says not than not to worry you will find other guys you like .
If your between the ages of 7-12 are n't you too young to have a boyfriend ?
Just came out with it and say it
Pray on it read your bible and really think and pray
My friend kayla seems like she is flirting with me , but i am not like that !
I mus make this girl to lok likea biatch
Good guys like you are hard to find !
Not spending time with you and you are kid , drinking and cheating ! !
Not wrong but you tread on thin ice .
Good luck girl your girl lovelysaphirequeen @ yahoo.com
Well hes just tring to play with you like Levi tries to play with me .
But of course regardless of what you decide , be nice about it .
Not really you do n't want any of that making her boyfriend jealous heat do ya ?
That is not a deal breaker for me .
Do n't ever change yourself for some dude !
When you are so close . yet you feel so far away . feeling careless .
Depends on how much of an age diiference there is and how old you are .
So you best bet is make sure it 's what you both want and feel .
She needs all the help she can get leave her there
I do not think you could of asked a harder question to answer .
Last valentine 's day , i got him a soccer piggy bank filled with chocolate hugs , adn kisses .
If your parents do not mind and you enjoy it then forget everyone else .
So I say forget about her
So i say do you  are thing and do n't even bother for protection .
Trust your feelings , if some guy seems creepy , THAT 'S A HINT !
He is probley just scared that he cannot please you like he wants to .
So many people do now , 50 % of married ouples divorce .
There are other ways , but that all i could think of .
Nobody wants to date an unattractive person
I am a good looking man ( ex model and still in shape ) , but . it 's happening to me too ! !
My friend asked my best friend out & i need help
Then in december she broke up wid me cuz she started likin another guy .
Tell THEM YOUR CHRISTIAN AND WOULD LOVE FOR THEM TO CONVERT .
The day I Married my best friend , my wonderful husband David !
Then he said : you have beutiful eyes and we were staring at each others eyes .
They are like eyes looking at me .
Ask her in your own time , though .
Dump him now before its too late .
Tell her straight and if she says you are weird than she really is n't a friend .
All positions if you have hard erection .
I met a really nice girl last summer .
Oh , did he help in anyway while you were in school ?
I 'M THAT BULL/DIME CHICK , HOW YOU GON NA CHEAT ON ME ? ) .
There are no guys in my school that i would really like so i am just waiting for him .
Try your best go up to her and ask if she wants to go !
Be strong , be firm , and give it time : )
Beach.no couch.maybe i like car , and floor because car=private floor=lots of space !
Trust me I 'm NOT flirting with you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
He will walk you to class and pretty much act like a friend .
I guess what I need is some sort of Miricle .
My X LIKED MY LONG HAIR BECAUSE DURING SEX HE PULLED IT .
Well no problem , you are welcome to email me if you still ca n't find any : )
Well you obviously love her , if not as a lover then surely as a friend .
Not having sex however if you cannot wait condoms with the pill
But divorce really do scare the shit out of some people , man or woman .
If your guy does not tell how pretty you are than he is self centered
Hang out with her a bunch .
They do n't know what they have they are stupid
If you are serious take one pill for best result .
If he not , well look for someone else
No WHAT I DID HE STILL STOOD.COULD N'T STOP IT .
That way it would be easier for us girls !
Poor you that is a tough situation .
Spend one day doing what he likes , the next doing what you like .
I Am 17 and I was just wondering if that is legal .
But there comes a time to take a good hard look at life .
And being gay is wrong , so it overeating , smoking , cussing , littering , creating smog from driving .
There are some folks out there that are just not nice no matter what you do .
But do it FOR your wife .
Blondes are too fake and flashy . brunettes can last
A sports item somethin really boy like
Hang out with him for a while then ask him out on a date
Just because he does not have a cam does not really mean anything .
I 'm totally all for asking a guy out .
Hahahahaha . i am getting married in February of 2010
Rather you should be proud of it . its an achievement . Live Life King Size .
Did you try to talk to her about it ?
Take his lousy ass to the cleaners .
Maybe he loves she a lot , or maybe your bro is peaceful
Pretty please : ) I  will be your best friend .
Depends on the girl I 'm seeing .
Just shout if i cn help with anythn .
Its okay to like different things , it wo n't hurt you guys .
I do n't believe I 've ever heard it put that way .
Just worry about you and your man .
They fall out because guyz turn wussy after a while .
Might be less then 18 who knows and who cares .
Plus , i had my best girls around me , that was great for everything !
Well it really depends on how much you care for her !
Go to craigslist.com go to women seeking men .
It matters wat point in life your at .
Well it really depends on how much you care for her !
Go to craigslist.com go to women seeking men .
I have a major crush on my friends exboyfriend .
I say kiss , then take off his pants , and you know the rest .
It matters wat point in life your at .
Just ask her the way i asked my boyfriend
A nympho can only be a girl .
Some guys just want to have a girl whose younger .
Yes , belive me , you can do it with me .
Hope this helps you more than it has helped me : -/
If this scares him away , then you did not need to be with him now .
Get out of the situation AS SOON AS POSSIBLE ! ! !
May b you are asking will you get married by oct 2006 ?
They r just sick and rong i have no idea y they would
But you know you might have a really good chance k ! ! !
We CA N'T EVEN HOLD A CONVERSATION ANYMORE AND WE USED TO SIT UP AND TALK ALL NIGHT .
I do n't think it would b proper to date your best friend .
Dude I can understang what you are feeling right now .
Ask him to his face , and see how he responds .
Yeap . why do you fear off ?
No , there are 10,000 's more exactly like that out there too : )
That being said , move on with your life - enjoy it !
They say they do n't mean it but their lying .
Vin Diesal , The Rock , def not Arec Barrwin
Do n't worry so much about what people think .
Go wear it and do it .
18 or older anything below you are still a kid
Would you fight for your love ?
Go find her brother ( the 18 yr olds )
Do Not just listen to you are heart but use you are mind too . MUAH !
Interupted by my husband , and you took off so fast , ,darn it . lol
I Am an scorpio and i know !
His sister said he only shows off to me .
Ok SWEETIE.I HAD THE SAME THING HAPPEN TO ME .
If he 's overly threatened by this after only 3 weeks . run ! ! !
It keeps you interested and caring .
If there 's a Build A Bear Workshop in your town , that always works !
His priorities are out of wack .
Or are you a girl and are just curiouse ?
How about taking a trip to the dr first off and make sure nothing is really wrong .
Walk up ot him and say . Hi .
It is all up to you .
His buddies there will give him shit about it .
I go seven or eight minutes and i am done , i need a sandwhich and a beer
Do n't you watch the series friends ? ?
Are you actually in love with her , or are you in infatuation , lust , or some other emotion ?
I forgot to give the courtesy tap
Just say want to go out on friday or he asks you out
Oh girl . do n't get me started .
Alott -lol maybe that is because my man is deployed overseas and it 's been awhile .
Swinging is ok if your into that , I think it 's best to be with just one person .
You know what i 'm talking about ?
Forget who everyone thinks you should date .
By the way , GOOD BIRTHDAY , DEAR !
Masturbation is normal , do n't let them tell you its not . lol
Young girls usually do n't date guys their age .
Or is it too early to know ?
You ca n't amek him love you , though .
You probably do n't want to forget your mother , you probably hang on to her things and her ways .
Afterwards you and some friends should go out .
That could ruin her entire life and marriage .
Some guys are nice and some guys are too kind !
But i guess it 's best i did n't .
Hi i am mostafa from egypt i am search at good girl to marry
If he says your cool or fun to be around then .
Starts looking nice everyday for no reason at all .
More power to you . enjoy it while it lasts !
If things go wrong then you know what you have to do .
How would you feel when a 35 year old man have sex with you are 18 year old daughter .
Its like rigt under the head . y
You , me , and my dad all agree dude .
And do you really want sloppy seconds ?
But a guy does not care when or where .
That is just what I went through .
There is already another guy that is going for her .
When you are n't looking is when yuo will find them .
See if he really likes you or not coming from a guy
Yeah the breaking up and then j/k .
Half of my friends are guy 's and I see them as my brothers .
Sit on him and rub around .
If this 18 year old man makes you happy . get your swirve on ! !
I have always followed my heart and now it 's leading me to you wat do you think ! ! ! ! ! !
Think this way - if you were married , would you want YOUR wife banging some guy on the side ?
If she freaks out she cares , if she says see ya then she does n't .
Ok , part 2 since now I have more info .
Show him that you like him to and he will be more comfortable to ask !
Wat ys  will think i should do ?
Its alot easier unless you are shy .
If i had a lot to lose id say yes !
Ask your mate what they like .
They probably cheating or do n't trust you .
Just b really lucky and wait for her to break up ? ?
I 'm looking for some sexy , classy lingerie for size 3x and up .
I have tried to have sex with my wife but it just wo n't work .
Start looking at him the way you use to .
But i got a pretty good answer , flirt .
I do not see you as shy .
You can marry a fist cousin if you want to
You do not trust her that much
It just means you care about them .
Turn him on in any way you can !
Is there anybody that know what i am going though does anybody have any answers .
Just to get a peice of a.s.s .
Bee NIICEE , LOOK GOOD WEAR GOOD CLOTHES . THAT SHOLD DO IT !
I wonder if avatars have nice personalities ! ? !
Whenever i talk to a boy he says back off to however i am talking to
Tell her your sick and tired of hearing about her ex 's
Why do you have to choose ?
Noooo CHRIS BROWN is Not CUTe HES 2 light Skinned And Tall
The you already no the answer .
So why would you need a same sex marriage ?
The sex with 2 scorpio is the best shit out there !
No TONGUE KISSING on the first date !
Not necessarily chaeting he could just find you boring
Some guys are really just for friends .
I would not worry too much about it .
You NEED TO TELL HER PARENTS OR A TEACHER
Do n't give in when he wants nothing more than sex .
Yes i think it can be possible
Sounds like you think it is , so maybe better if you did n't .
) and his co will look into it .
I pretty sure he likes me too .
I think you know what I mean ( in the sack ) .
It takes alot but if you do n't love why jerk yourself around .
Cuz we always have to lose them to regain peace and quite .
Just think about what an * ss he was and that should help .
Sound like he 's thinking with the wrong head to begin with .
Yes of course because red is one of my favorite color .
, so this would not be real friendly relations but some kind of , ,compassion , , .
My advice ; get out you know you  are not happy why are you still there ? ! ?
Well , first you actually have to meet a europian lady . that would help .
Unzip his pants while watching espn and blow him hard
I do not think i am gon na answer this q .
No , get to know each other first . then see what happens .
Why would you want someone that broke up with you ?
Take THIS FROM A DOCTOR YES YOU ARE A VIRGIN TILL YOU HAVE INTERCOURSE AND YOU ARE PENITRATED
If your scared to tell her because you might get hurt .
Depends on what you mean by arranged !
There are some pretty hot black guys out there .
N e way here wat i think you should do !
It 's like boobs . and like sex or something .
Umm sounds like any average crush ! !
One would go as far as to say women do n't even know why they do it . they just do .
Den bam she  will either answer or prob not tell you cuz you kno dem n she think gon tell .
You get his number and you call him .
YOU should w8 til your married .
I 'm with Rascal on this one - plus , get photos like One said .
I Am 14 and I Am Ashley 's older sister .
Not like in problem solving , but like taking out the trash .
How much more EX do you want . ? ?
Do n't be stupid , find someone you love .
Why are n't you supposed to like him ?
But I do not think you are a lesbian .
Do n't worry sweetie , it wo n't last .
Go on with your life being happy .
Do whatever you want , just do n't get in trouble .
What can i do to better my chances in getting back together with her ?
I 'm not gon na sneak around as if we  are doing something bad !
She 's your EX Get real ( and I hate it when Phil says that )
The GUY DOES N'T NEED TO EVEN KNOW HOW TO USE IT IF THE LADY DOES ! ! !
I did . well , sort of after my first try .
She then has to grow up at a very young age and act like an adult .
Were are you from i am in washington dc
All that getting along with your life is bullshit .
Wait until one comes to you
He is cute and i realy like him i know he likes me but . his sister she hates me !
Adultry is a serios offense ( artical 134 you.m.c.j .
Dude come on now its your first cousin think of the kids man the kids !
And you will not waste anymore time on what if !
A lover is easyer to find than a real friend think about it
Find one that use to be nerdy
He 's so good looking and he can sing ! !
Some girls might think it 's funny and pull out the make-up bag .
Well , unless you turn to a nun , you will cose you  will get married.nature talks
Some women , like men , worry about their performance .
I just do n't care about them simply .
If you like her and she 's taken then MOVE ON ! !
I try my best 2 be strong but i am not i am weak when it comes 2 that .
I do n't care what age you are or if you are having sex .
Look , so she does n't like potatoes .
Most of the gals like guys who do some bad .
Nothing too big or serious , its the first date , you 've got time ! !
Your 13 , why do not you wait until you grow pubic hair first
You just need to coax it .
Well , I 've been cheated on before & it was horrible & nothing but a nightmare !
Yes if hes fine and cute yes
He was just afraid to pursue them .
Oh , and he also does n't drink .
Sound like she needs to let that go .
Thanx for you are opinion , but i was actually jst kidding .
Hope you find what you  are looking for !
Jealousy all starts with trust and that starts with honest .
If he ikes to watch T.V .
What SHOULD I DO TO MAKE HIM FALL IN LOVE WITH ME AGAIN ?
Meet his friends ask them questions
If not why do not you just forget about it all and just let the past remain in the past .
The 2 OF YOU WOULD BE VERY UNHAPPY , AND WOULD JUST END UP CHEATING , AND HATING EACH OTHER !
' _ ' do you have an internet love ? !
Do n't settle for some jerk or cheater - you deserve better ! ! !
I have really good friends who are girls and we are just friends .
Yea i got some of friends who are girls
Yea that way wen you are married it will not hurt that much and ull be expirienced boys like tat
Chat with me . saleem_nawaz and we will talk briefly .
I know I told plenty of guys that but I meant it .
If you trust her and love her let this go .
Why are you messing around with a married women in the first place ? ? ?
Its not a question of courese EMINEM ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Lmao , you must really lik dis gurl lol !
Even women like a little challenge
Take a long time to please a girl .
Just waiting and shooting th ' bull until something comes up .
Run a hot bath and then undress her and put her in the tub .
I have lots of female friends and my wife knows that and trusts me .
A good guy will respect you for it in the long run !
Just ease it as it comes
She  WILL LOVE YOU ALL OVER AGAIN .
But do we get it .
And if you do n't then it is your problem .
Mail it or give a friend to give the letter .
It 's possible , but it could be some guy tht 's 97 with gray hair and wrinkles
But she wuz a bytch and really did not treat him right anyways so it was not too hard .
If you are not attracted to women .
Do not mess with either one of them because it could mess up the relationship
Ask him why he 's staring at you .
And of course they do n't tell them that up front .
How COME I ONLY ATTRACT THE BROKE , GOT 500 KIDS , CARRY CONCEALED WEAPONS KIND OF GUY ?
If you are not attracted to women .
Do not mess with either one of them because it could mess up the relationship
Ask him why he 's staring at you .
And of course they do n't tell them that up front .
How COME I ONLY ATTRACT THE BROKE , GOT 500 KIDS , CARRY CONCEALED WEAPONS KIND OF GUY ?
Tell them every thing you know and to watch out .
Would it be any different if the guy was younger and the girl was older ?
Most people do not know why they did or did not do something .
I CANNOT BELIEVE ANY OF YOU WOULD THINK OTHERWISE .
He is only playing games with you
And you still wan na hang around with her ?
( yes i did prowl , i did n't think i had anything to worry about . )
Just take it as a gift , and enjoy !
She is just thinking like a typical woman .
I manipulated him . it may have been wrong but it worked and that is all i wanted .
It just gets the police involved
For the most part they are ripoffs .
Ha , no he still does n't care about you .
I can handle both at one time
If she left you get over it she is a loser if she dos not love any more
Most say they are n't really so happy .
Try to connect with the person and if you ca n't do n't even go there
Yes , you do what makes you happy , be with who makes you happy , do n't worry what other people think .
Forget her find someone who really love you
Well , if you think about it , gay guys have sex with other men .
I do not think it is though .
White 5-6in hispanics 7-8in black 7-9in .
Dump him she can do better .
YOU r not going nuts if that is what you are asking .
Maybe the girl for you is just not in your school .
Mostly brunettes but blondes are kewl 2
She 's gon na lay down and luxuriate in some REALLY GREEN grass .
Yes right now and i do not know if he likes me but i know i like him !
By The Way . My GF is n't Bi or tried it but finds it a turn on also .
If so , then i would say so .
Just ask him or do n't if you nevr wnt 2 know ! !
His just trying 2 protect his gurl
When i look at a girl of couse at first we see looks .
Invite him to your next wedding
It 's a tough spot . I feel for you .
Not all men are bad eggs .
Well when i was 13 i already had had 4 boyfriends
Colors lavendar/white wedding in april fresh cut flowers in huge vases on head table .
Do not try to be someone you are not .
If you both want to it is
First , it is love that makes sex real good .
If she does n't like potatoes , just eat YOUR potatoes and let her eat whatever SHE wants to eat .
She likes buying shoes and you do n't , but that does n't mean she stops buying .
Some guys are stupid i guess
Madam , you see wich one likes you , first
I 'm kyla , nice to meet you .
Happy Wedd'n Day.And if Not Too Late Get A karookee Machine
What do you think she 's gon na do the SECOND you BORE/ANNOY/TICK HER OFF ? ? ! ? ?
I think its cool . heck i am a guy id be happy if a girl asked me out .
And if he is cheating you need to do what is best for you and only you .
True LOVE IS NOT LIKE THAT OF INFATUATION WHICH COMES HURRIEDLY AND GOES AWAY QUICKLY .
We DO N'T EVEN ACT LIKE FRIENDS , AND WE CAN GO MONTHES WITHOUT BEING INTAMITE .
One caveat , there are sexy 33 year old guys too : P
Its not as complicated as a guy asking a gurl out .
After HE PUT THE RING ON MY FINGER HE HAD NO INTEREST IN ME ANYMORE .
Not AT 13 HA , HA , HA IT 'S 18 YEARS OLD.MEN AND WOMAN , IN THE YOU.S.A .
It sounds like absolutely nothing is wrong with you !
Use THEM AS EXAMPLES AND THEY WILL REALIZE HOW UNFAIR AND CHILDISH THEY ARE BEING .
Well i do nothing as always you know get on the comp .
I do n't think you should drop out .
I know because I am mature , DUH !
It 's a great way to hang out .
It 's a great way to hang out .
I do n't think so . at least not close friends
Some HAVE MIXED FEELINGS AND DO N'T KNOW WHEATHER OR NOT THE LOVE YOU OR NOT .
Buff as in bigger arms than normal , very strong .
It is not good or bad , its just a personal opinion .
And DO NOT ever go back even if he says he has changed because that never happens .
I would dump him and get out now ! ! !
If he really is out there for me then when in the hell is he going to get here !
Say Hiii or Helloo . and be nice !
They Have been going out for about . 2 months now .
I think you r joking no man has a problem like that
Never wound his ego and always try to understand where he is coming from .
If he ignors everyone else to listen to what you have to say .
I ca n't stand 2 c girls dying over some guy who does n't even know they exist .
I see a lot of guys with self-esteem problems trying to make tons of money .
If she really did not like the guy , it shouldent matter .
Whether YOU THINK SO OR NOT , THIS GUY HAS A EMOTIONAL HOLD ON YOU .
And without love , people would be like dogs that do sex without love .
Just hang out more and talk to him and flirt a little when your both hanging out
That way no matter what it is all in the end .
She said that he liked me .
Meet somewhere , be honest and tell him why .
Just be you are self and do wot you are heart tells at that time when you see that guy
When i first met my babys daddy he was the picture perfect guy .
Well i am not a big loving person but , i do know what love is all about .
They say he just does n't go with me .
( but next time to someone I know better ! )
Heck he still gives me goose bumps !
The kids thing makes the sex part really hard .
But he does n't buy you gifts at all not even 4 you are birthday or holidays that involve getting gifts ? ?
Sleep with his brother or best friend
Way too old to be on here with you kids !
Just let your friend be with him make her feel happy
Watz your name and why do she hafta be a different race ?
I thought I was in love .
First off it has to do with how old you are .
Then ask him to stop staring .
A CHILD SHOULD NOT HAVE TO GROW UP AND LISTEN TO FUSSING AND VIOLENCE .
In my experience it rarely lasts
The ONLY THING WITH THAT IS YOU HAVE TO BE CAREFUL .
If sister told you to hold on , then come back , she 's not here .
Only if you like a lot of sex .
But some guys cover it up by marrying women .
Now that i answered it i am not so bored any more . hey thanx ! ! !
I 'm having a Napolean Dynamite moment . umm . you could do as pedro does and make her a cake ( ? )
Get to know him drop hints that you like then you never know he might ask you out
The shy ones may just stare at you because they are scared to do anything else .
He says d sweetest things 2me n about me .
And feelings ( love included ) come and go .
; ^ ) Seriously , I think it 's like that because they do n't know who or what they want .
Get to know him drop hints that you like then you never know he might ask you out
He says d sweetest things 2me n about me .
And feelings ( love included ) come and go .
; ^ ) Seriously , I think it 's like that because they do n't know who or what they want .
Has ANYONE EVER TOLD YOU THAT YOU ARE A FREAKIN LOSER ?
I think you should stop eating them
I have been through this before and the only thing that seems to work is kindness .
Ask him straight up do not hesitate .
What is it that I am not doing or should n't be doing .
First of all is she the one for you , then you should n't worry about being embarrased .
Nobody should be anybodys punching bag it is just wrong .
I have heard that brunette is just Latin for blonde wan na be : -p
Of course it 's possible have fun
They always want the bad boys .
Anyone who says . hi , is girl and who says hello is woman . JUST OBSERVE .
Hmmm . june 2006. sounds like he needs to graduate from somewhere , perhaps ?
She was not the One Why ?
I have 3 different friends , neither 1 of them know one another .
If you  are interested only in sex , then how about not marrying anyone ?
Ask her for a date and she  will go with 'ya !
If THEY DO NOT UNDERSTAND , GIVE THEM TIME .
( GOOD AND BAD ) Like being married there is good and bad .
Its col but of course i never ask guys out . To many of them ask ME out .
He has not told her because he wants to bang you .
If your kids grow up around that it makes them more likely to turn out that way !
I 'm 19 and still looking for a man that is the true !
You only have one life 2live so live .
Your kids will grow up and think this is okay and its not .
When we got married i weighed 98lbs now I weigh 140 .
( man do i miss it , can you tell ? ? ? )
I do not see what 's wrong with you looking at a another woman and saying oh she looks nice .
That DEPENDS ON WHAT TYPE OF GUY HE IS BUT BOTH I GUESS
I really like the girl so I want it to be cute .
Your ACTIONS WILL KEEP YOU OUT OF TROUBLE AND ON THE RIGHT PATH .
Remember you are a helper love on him and encourage him .
Of course men want that , ( what is wrong with you ? )
I am very sorry to say , but i think he likes her !
Have you ever done anything to her to make her not lke you ?
I going to wait tell after i am married
So take the time to look inward and then go get him !
It was weird . i was surprised and like . wait people LIKE this ? ?
Well yeah if you tell her and she is normal herself she is sure to drop ya !
You can flirt with him sometimes when you hang out , but do n't overdo it .
Funny stuff ; ) BY THE WAY there is nothing wrong with what you are doing , just be honest with him .
I know that dating a guy is soo wrong !
Meanwhile warm up on some older ladies ( those that are 5-10 years older ) .
I THINK MANY PEOPLE GET LUST CONFUSED W/ LOVE .
Yes if he or she is ugly , or drunk .
If you started with nothing together , a pre nup would be a slap in the face .
Just show him that you are there for him and show him your love gradually .
I do n't know EVERYTHING about my wife 's past .
At least its better than having four husbands !
Because they what toget some of that sexy thing
And , I do n't mind staring at some men , either .
Talk about the postive and negative
R you serious . wonder how many people would jump at this question ?
Yes , & IT SHOWS YOU HAVE GOOD TASTE ! ! !
There are just too many questions .
Strange thing , HE MARRIED HER , and she him .
It 'S NOT REALLY THAT THEY DO N'T KNOW IT 'S JUST THAT THEY ARE CONFUSED .
Preying on young girls is NEVER acceptable .
Please , do yourself a favor and leave !
What ever happened to being a real MAN which is what you need !
To be able to spend time with you .
Your defensive attitude says it all . YOUR TOO YOUNG !
Take his hand in yours . and ask him out !
* lust at first sight , yes .
He would have to pay alimony for the rest of her life or until she gets remarried .
I feel like i can do better on my own .
Sometimes he just does sex in bathrooms and other seedy places and she never knows .
That means that if one spouse is caught cheating , the other gets EVERYTHING and he gets screwed .
Say WOULD YOU LIKE TO GO OUT FOR A CUP OF COFFEE SOMETIME ?
Yes but it should be kept for marraige only !
One thing with blue , is that there are n't many blue flowers .
This guy sounds like it , too .
Girls like guys with skills ex : handy man , bowstaff , personality .
As long as sex has to be thought about ( Does he like it ?
I love my boyfriend to death .
: ) lol , I hope this sheds some light on the subject .
If you left her i do not think she will want you back
Now I see why it 's best to wait .
This IS AN EASY ONE AND I THINK MOST OF YOU ARE WRONG .
Being 18 is a hard time .
Some lubrication ( KY JElly ) and a lot of foreplay .
And wait for the right single guy .
And if she says no ask her questions to why .
1- You should be good guy outside and inside .
Also you should tell the police
If possible the woman should just seperate for a while .
Great question , but the answer is 'not as many as I do ' : )
Ok . guys are typically bad at gettting the subtle hints .
Just the thought of it makes me sick .
Jealousy can turn into abuse very fast . be careful
Because SHE WOULD SAY SOMETHING TO YOU !
My bf is just like that its so weird over protecteing
& YEAH HE LIKES YOU IF HE BUGS YOU LIKE CRAZY ! ! ! !
Best man I 've ever had and plan on keeping him forever !
Then i tried to pursue him again and he pulled away once more .
Like to xchange photos or the tel no first ?
Hey you guys are in love .
Boys start after you have done it .
Also , they would n't get used to the life style .
Currency : Indian rupee ( INR ) - US $ 1 = INR 46.13 ( July 2004 ) .
I sure as hell would n't want somebody like you around . Jesus !
You  are cheating on him with your boyfriend !
I think of sex a lot .
Guys r jerks but they would do that so they can get into girls pants .
Do you know how it is for a kid to know their mom is getting abused ?
Boy friends and girl friends come and go . do n't let your freindships go because of some lame guy .
Bet ON PAPER CHITS . who wins . go for him . almost everyone man is like other .
I think you should get a cool new style
If not on your honeymoon why would you the day after , or ever ?
I give it two thumbs up .
Think about all the thing that yo are good at and go have fun with some friends .
We have one financial crisis after another .
In my case . its a she any i  would definitely go back to her cu I STILL LOVE HER .
Keep yourself busy and stop thinking about when he 's gon na call .
I Am asking this question , to find a toll about how many girls actually fake it and why .
Yeah , but hey it it gives the other 40 % of us something to laugh at
Maybe you just do n't feel ready yet .
Nathan ( n'thn ) , in the Bible .
The best way to dump a girl is to be honest
; ) Let us know what happened !
But the saying if you love something let it go if it comes by then its for real .
But 5 months doe n't really matter
If you do not love her anymore then tell her and do not hurt her .
Ya its right along the vane on the underside of tere penis .
Sounds fake i knw but i want 2knw wat 2 do .
I like whatever makes me happy and keeps me content : - )
A lot of times women think well i will just go find a man and show him .
He is so cute . and only 16 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
But milk your mom and dad for what it is worth
Generally because man came first and woman came from man so man has the desire first
Hey you still young its a new year maybe luck will strike.good luck
Some people can just cut loose and ask whatever they want because you do n't know who they are .
She did n't even know that I gave it to him until last night !
I sure hope ther are no children involved !
I told my best friend and she got mad and we did n't hang out for 2 months .
Probably some guy who does n't broadcast it
Just do n't go buying it with their money , or buying something really expensive that they  will never use .
What you see is what you get ladies .
You are n't kissing the right women ; )
Thanks for shining a light on my own life for me !
Surround yourself with guy-friends : guys that respect you and that your comfortable with .
Man if she says no who cares there is better looking woman in the see
It would take time to 4get things , though . he does it the 2nd time & bam !
Wow . there 's alot of conservative people around here .
Good luck I agree with cig .
! hahahahaha now wut you gon na do ! ?
Find a close friend dat might tell you something about some of you are downsides . pl .
Lies only hurt and they will ALWAYS come back to bite you in the butt .
As long as you love him it 's alright .
Or it could be a band
Honey , I went to the doctor and I have ( insert name of STD here ) .
My ex cheated so we are broken up .
Damn woman , you are 33 n you look my age ?
I did n't mean to go out with him .
And oh my God , why would you stay with some married loser anyway .
Instead of hanging out with them , now you hang out with your special someone , yes ?
Girls do n't usually get mad , they get even .
So be it . she needs a new wardrobe ?
She 's always there to check you .
And you think you got it from him ?
If she cares for you family and friends .
Every time I even thinks she wants to move up a notch though , I just lock up .
Hey I am HOT . try me !
Just talk to her and treat her like anybody else .
Depends on what you  are buying . probably .
We used to do that , why do n't we do that anymore ?
I 'm a hot man - will that work for you ? ?
I 'm not shy around her any other time , so why then ?
I 'm a girl ask me more .
Damn lucky 18 year old bastard .
Love hurts because you know if you lost that person , you  would be crushed .
Why not me just e-mail me at sexyniceeyes_15 @ yahoo
Believe me , you do not- you wo n't for years and years .
YOU do n't no wat this guy is like .
Does it really matter to you ?
And you will hit tough times .
Soon . if you want . and late if you are n't interested !
If your a man it 's different .
What did you do to lose her ?
She does n't hate you , she is just annoyed .
Time and experience things with them
When your desires are not fulfilled then this hurts .
If she could do what your mom can do for you .
Do n't be stupid and do n't start dating !
I actually really like this guy .
I got ta be honest , you know !
After that its really a combonation of looks and personality .
Make her feel important and special
How DOES A RELATIONSHIP GO FROM BEING HOT AND HEAVY TO NO SPARKS AT ALL .
E-mail me so we can hook nup with fine girls on here
Yea the truth hurts but he will eventually get over .
My boyfriend and i are having some problems .
Who do i chose its so hard .
The why did they ever break up golden couple : Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt
You ca n't live together and still go to highschool ?
Yes SIZE DOES MATTER EVEN THOUGH ITS JSUT ONE FACTOR OF MAKING THA WHOLE EXPEIRENCE PLEASURABLE ! !
My best friend 's a guy , we have been best friends since we were 2 !
I just hope hes not bigger than you are ! !
So , bottom line , no - it would not bother me in the least .
That Is a clear sign to break up .
Two things help me , i go out running to clear my head or there is always beer .
Make a billion dollars in the movies and ask her
I am 13 and there is this really nice girl that just moved here about 4 days ago .
Yeah , but then I ignore Salma Hayek 's lawyers who constantly threating me with a RO , muahahahha
Ask her the worst thing she can say is no
Normally , women do not buy men gifts at all .
Believe me , everytime you go back to a lost boyfriend it only gets worse and worse .
Give him a box of chocolate
Then you should say one for you one for me one for you .
Your still too young to date i 'm not going to date till i 'm 18 !
All you have to do is touch a guy and hes aroused . lol just joking
Help is wright hide the kids .
Do whatever he wants , especially in bed , whenever he wants to
He turned out to be a jerk .
You DO NOT KNOW THIS GUY HE MIGHT BE ARMED DO NOT MEET HIM .
You might be dump if you make yourself so cheap .
Dumb question but I just thought I  would get people opinions : o ) Thanks .
It took you 16 yrs to find out what kind of person her really was .
I am 13 and know what I am doing !
If you are a girl just be friendly n social then you  will have lots of friends .
Should I give it a chance or end it now ?
Believe me i am not gay i have a boyfriend just relax girl and be yourself allright ?
This will make you a easier person to hang out with and you will have some friends .
Do Not drag a relationship and make him think you love him .
He will give you one .
( Not to mention she typed all in caps , and it was one big run-on sentence . sheesh )
I would tell him eye to eye .
13 is way too early to date .
Maybe the guy that is mean to you likes you ! !
How CAN YOU LOVE SOMEONE , WHEN YOU DO N'T EVEN KNOW ANY OF THEIR INNER CHARACTERISTICS ( PERSONALITY ) ?
Well is your bf gay or fat ?
Or just suck it up and hope they break up .
Just THE DECEPTION ALONE IS WRONG .
First of all . if all he 's doing is staring , that 's not stalking .
Y wud you want a friend you do not no ?
If so all Puerto Rican men would be taken !
You deserve better , and snooping is n't as bad as what she did . BY FAR !
Why ca n't girls buy the stuff they want with thier own money ?
In a relationship , one person is always chasing . if you do not chase her , she will come running
Intelligent , even , along with her 3 siblings .
Dump him , and find a real man !
I would love to know too . Maybe twice ?
Tell me a way to get her to stop this madness !
I 'm in love with my boss and he 's married .
Laugh at your jokes , listen to your tough day at work stories ?
Wat is the sexiest way to masturbrate ?
He is an adult at 18 ( by law ) and you are a minor at 15 ( by law ) ! !
Love is blind , so who cares about race .
I just want to know ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I agree he is the hottest ! ! ! !
I used to but no ever really responds beyond the key board they are all afraid
He if an other guys going for her let them be .
Question is who does not like him .
Thing is that I do n't like him .
If not one time you will have to let him go .
Well , you got that right , try switching to the other hand ,
Some of my best friends are men .
Is that what you really want ?
If they want it again then BAMB they call sooner than later .
Maybe he does like you i mean my friend ended up going out with a guy she completely hates .
As for when to take it off . never !
This do n't sound good at all .
Do N'T LISTEN TO GIRLS . THEY  ARE SO DRAMATIC .
But I want thing back the way they were and so do they .
Chance are , your friends are just jealous because this guy is crazy over you .
Or should i have a good argument because this stuff should have never have happened . ? ?
With knowing this info your halfway there .
Go get a life men you r sick
Just wondering i really doubt it though
Love IS SO MUCH MORE THAN OUTTER APPEARANCES .
Are Not even no question about it CHRIS BROWN !
I could not understand why bcuz he said he loved me .
And set ground rules for what is and is not allowed before you ever start out .
Then you start exersising like crazy , dieting and all that good stuff .
Normal . do not worry about it . just stare at other men
I ca n't believe she did not have sex with anybody either !
Uh . different for everyone . red , yellow , blue , green , black , purple , yellow , pink .
Go on and enjoy the greatest thing on earth !
Your first mistake was telling her you liked her when she had a bf .
I think you should tell her .
Would you nag and say stupid things with her/him ?
Do you always let her pick the movie and the restaurant ?
I laughed my ass off for 10 minutes when I read this question
Why not both pink and blue ?
Some girls just play hard to get because they know how weak you guys can get .
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
Even if he is , who cares ?
Try to let her know that you r still alone and waiting for her
Then once you get off of the phone listen to the radio or put on your favorite cd .
None . do n't do out side your race . it should be a crime .
I mean it all depends on what they look like .
So older guys and younger girls balance out .
They want you to stop listening to the crap you listen to
Butt juice HAHAHA . on that note I 'm going to sleep
Well if you do n't and found out he is what you wanted will you be kicking yourself later ?
I 'm looling for him to get his e-mail
Yes it happens a lot ot people
If you ca n't be wit the one you want love the one your wit
Simple . get her phone no and call .
I believe that once a cheater , always a cheater .
It 's totally cool to let a make a move !
Will my friends think I 'm an idiot for liking her ?
I 'm not attic cat but we can be friends !
Because its a womans job to complain and a mans job to fix things .
Spend the of rest your life reminding him and others what they lost n wish they had .
Your not going to get over not trusting him completely .
And he 's actually talking about working things out ? NO IT 'S NOT GOING TO HAPPEN !
I liked her but she did not like me .
Even doe he does not want anyone to know about us i still love him.rember i am only 13 .
Boys are just aiting for this moment
Find someone who can make you happy too .
My personal favorite : hey baby , we  will be having sex later tonight , you might as well be there .
The answer could be a million things
Just like Sarah said , does he make you happy ?
I HAVE REALLY FALLEN IN TRUE LOVE .
Love 's always real , rest is just infatuation .
Drop a peanut in her boobs and say , Oops , there go 's my dinner . can i buy yours ?
Not to mention you would probably hate the last name anyways .
Who put that crap in your head .
Fantasies are just that - fantasies .
Eg . eye contact etc etc if yes jst ask
Give it a little time , if its a fresh breakup , before you persue this guy .
Visit any person from opposite sex . at lonely place . and try . may be you learn . ! ! !
For the same reason guys tease girls when they like them
What would your kids do with out you and what would they be exposed to with out you .
Because they are full or someone dosent want you in there
Find some guy you like , flirt , sit on his lap .
I do n't thing there is love at first sight .
Like when trying to ask her out or like making her think you are interested in her
I gave this boy named Clayton a HUGE bar of chocolate for Christmas , ( I even wrapped it ! )
Save yourself please , do n't do it .
. meaning that the vagina looses its strengh and becomes rather loose and men find it difficult to enjoy intercourse ?
Keep things the way they are now , yea ?
I guess the easiest way would be to ask why is he hangs around you .
Auctions and then changed my mind and I no longer want it .
Even at his age , he STILL looks sexy as all hell .
They feel like they are the king ( most off the time ! ! ! )
What a hypocritical thing to say .
You know that you have to ask out girls .
Well it depends on why she left you .
Well , if he gay or bi-curious , tell him .
Athletic guys as in average joe build .
Yeah did that and it was not great .
Did he try to make it up to you ?
Will he eventually have it happen again ?
If you have to ask the question is he having an affair .
( No , really , do n't pick me . I 'm fat , ugly & married with 2 kids ) .
Well I 'm a shy guy so I know all about this .
Get a life and be patient for things in their right time .
It is not bad at all !
. Because men say you are a nice girl , and you are not !
Not very good sex but hey you broke the plain so its sex just the same
Oh yeah and it 's two not to .
18 . does not make any sence though I was waiting for the right one and he was not it either .
Only guys they see that has popularity , looks , or money .
It depends I guess , I Am a girl , but love can make people do crazy things .
I am a much different person than i was with him .
No IT DOES NOT think with your head , not your heart .
I KNOW SOMEONE WHO WAS SWIMMING IN THE OCEAN WITH HER WEDDING RINGS ON AND THE DIAMOND FELL OUT .
A guy would n't think much of 140lbs .
Ok . this might sound harsh , but it is not all women , just the ones that you pick .
I just need some advice I guess .
No guy is worth having sex with to keep - especially when you  are 15 .
If she is threatining you w/ something , tell !
2 answers for the question , he might be thinking of you or he do n't .
Especially if you have no fricken friends left to hang out with because they  are all married .
Dude , no no no no no
It 's not the meat . it 's the motion !
Tell him what is on your mind .
And it is sex that would make love spicier .
It would n't be the same , and you really would n't like it .
I need all the help i can get ! ! !
Yes you should its hard to find a guy that will say that out right !
If you love your husband help him understand what you need and what you like .
You  ARE A GAME TO HIM , AND IF YOU MOVE ON TO SOMEONE ELSE HE 'S LOST THE GAME .
No if your a girl yes if your a boy
So STOP CALLING HIM AND WATCH HE CALL YOU AND MAKE UP A LIE FOR NOT CALLING YOU .
Be honest and tell him nicely what you think , and tell him the truth .
I try to act like I 'm happy but I kind of feel hurt and betrayed .
Now THAT I END UO MARRIES THE MOST PREFCIT MAN IN THE WORLD
There Is ways to Spice things up .
I care for this woman but do n't really want a relationship with her .
If you ever let him know how you feel and hope he feels ya back !
Find a better guy no matter how hot he is .
Michael vartan , definitely - - ohh such a hottie !
I do n't think it 's bad or good .
If you truly want to be a friend , say no way !
I just like him as a friend .
Personally , I do n't really think sex gets you anywhere with guys , they just want some .
You know the saying , Once a THEIF always a THEIF .
Just go up to him and ask
You just have to learn to except the change or do n't .
Tell him how you feel duhhh
I mean there r so many people in this world .
They say they  are not , but some pictures of them seem pretty snug and cozy .
Some roses and a heart and tell him that you love him
When you  are done with all that crying , pick yourself up & meet different people , have fun !
I really did n't believe her but then Nickleback dropped her off at my house .
But just like the other guy said , guys do n't like girls playing hard to get .
If that do n't work , then dump him & move on .
Pick your nose and flick the boogers at her .
Now , you 've conquered , you 've learn much , the good , the bad , the ugly , the dumb , etc .
YOU will know WHEN you two have that FIRE in your EYEs .
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
Y act a way that is gon na make you unhappy just to impress a guy .
Very difficult to forget first love
The best revenge is to not look pathetic and be strong .
There Is this grl , n i am stuck on her .
You have to go w/ your heart and be honest
60 % is an underestimate . probably more like 85 % !
Let me know what you think !
In because i wanted to see how people would react .
Wants to have it again . easy to read men .
And , the real question then becomes why do I pick women who cheat ?
Something that show you love them
Wait a while so your mixed feelings subside , but if they do n't maybe you should just stay friends .
Go do fun things he would like .
It can to certian people . that is what a foot fetish is .
Hell no , he 's only 3 years old .
Being gay is often a sad lonely thing .
Gurl you are not no lesbian you just cannot live without your x-bf so do not worry everytins gon na be alright
No but if you find one can you find one for me ?
Because life 's 2 unfair 2 get a hottie that 's nice
If there are no kids around . any where !
Yes i made it up and I AM NOT A LIAR !
Maybe she is tring to make you jelous . !
This is what I did for my guy friends : I cooked for them !
But its against the law in some states .
Uh . I would not think so . ashley 's older than zac by like . 2 years though . I do not think they ever will date . I AM GOING TO
And after all that you will not have to worry about getting a girl to like you .
Just because men and women can and do become attracted to each other , does n't mean they all do ! ! !
I 've french kiss a lot of women .
This could also be a gang thing .
It 's not the best idea though .
I do n't know does he love me ?
You 've caught him TWICE do n't you think that 's enough ?
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
My boyfriend is drop dead sexy .
Find the answer and then you will realy now what to do sory for my english
I bet a real pic of you would be better !
And answer peoples Q. like urs .
Read the book ( I kissed Dating Good Bye )
But not a big kiss , maybe just a peck .
She is probably suffering from some sort of phsycological disorder that should be addressed SOON ! ! ! !
The louder the better b/c they  will actualy talk to you first instead of us guys making the first move .
Thanks for you are time to read this : )
Tell him to leave you alone forever ! !
So I SIT DOWN AND WROTE EVRY THING I LOVED ABOUT HIM DOWN .
We had been friends for about 4 years and i had dated his bestfriend for that 4 years .
Tell a friend then ask that girl .
Do things that you will normally NEVER think of doing .
I bet there are lots of things that she eats that you hate , right ? ?
Hugs . If i was there with you , i would demonstrate , ha ha ha .
Oh , and buy her gift certificates to Victoria 's Secret ; )
And you are pretty sure you feel the same way about both people .
Start by trying to just meet people .
If he cheated on you , why would you want to stay with him ? ? ?
The type of guy who does n't buy you gifts .
They have no respect for their father at all !
Wait , I say wait on the Lord .
I madeout w/ her lik 4 months ago .
But think about this , there 's a reason that she broke up with him .
Do NOT WEAR YOUR PLATINUM AND DIAMONDS IN THE OCEAN OR ANY OTHER BODY OF WATER BESIDES THE SHOWER ! ! ! !
First of all , if you  are asking a guy , the answer is 'There is NO sexy way ! '
Just for all teens teens games
Titty flick them and do n't be shy about it
Well not really i mean you are girlfriend is going to be with you
Ca n't say that I still do cuz I am happily married .
But , if you are a virgin when you get married how would you know ? ? ?
Honey almost eveyone has that what if person in thier life .
He seems to be nice , but let 's face it , I DO N'T KNOW HIM ! !
Be realistic about who you are looking for in a date .
YOU can e-mail me with any porbs you have people call me the broken heart fixer .
Go out and work on you .
Because the women their age ( do not want them )
Love does n't mean sex nor does it mean a relationship it just is .
Well I am gay as well and looking but am not in real good shape .
Besides , who does he go home with at the end of date ?
Get him something nice maybe a shirt or find something that he loves
Some guys because they want something from you like some ass .
Bushmaster is right , plus he is playing
Date someone she knows , like her father !
Just do n't do it over the phone . that 's the way cowards do it
Because your wrapped up in your self and have no room for any thing else .
Does Not mean they are cheating could be they have been cheated on and just have no trust .
I mean , what if you end up getting pregnant while you  are still in school .
Flash him some boobie he will notice you then .
I mean , who 's gon na be MOM and who 's gon na be DAD ?
Because your wrapped up in your self and have no room for any thing else .
Does Not mean they are cheating could be they have been cheated on and just have no trust .
I mean , what if you end up getting pregnant while you  are still in school .
Flash him some boobie he will notice you then .
I mean , who 's gon na be MOM and who 's gon na be DAD ?
It is called something different when you are a guy addicted to sex .
Hey man you do not need a girlfriend , girls have cooties and are evil , that is what my momma told me
Girls that you can TAKE , you do n't want .
That you do n't know how to make yourself happy .
Maybe its because you place them on a pedastal . you should n't be worshipping them if they are ignoring you !
I do n't know why but yes to your question .
I do not talk to my ex just because he is not part of my life anymore .
Fumble their words , seem to be around alot
I 'm good looking , I 'm a good g/f .
If you have to ask , then it 's time to leave .
I do not think that that is true.some people do not act like their parents at all .
What matters is how you work it .
Move on . friends even on this line ! ! !
I know he likes me because he told me and he is kind of cute
Of course you should like him if you love him
If you are happy together it should n't matter if you are married .
Just tell him and only once
Even if had one i would not die for her .
Then you start out slow like dinner and a movie .
Maybe you can find the guy of your dreams there !
If you are not really related , you should go 4 it !
( By The Way . Coffee for them , not you ! )
As soon as you do . its over .
You COULD HAVE A FRIEND FOLLOW HIM OR YOU COULD FOLLOW HIM YOURSELF .
I Have been with this girl for a year and a half and my friends hate her
( little things are important to getting lots of friends ) 5 .
Umm why do n't women hate arguements .
The other asians look at me like I 'm a traitor : ) .
I  would say about 20 % i 've never done it but my friend swears it 's the best
You are too young to be a parent !
Some guys are rough some guys are tough !
If you do n't no him , end it now .
Red red wine ) might do YOU some good to help YOU relax .
However you manage it i wish you the best of luck
That was myself 5 years ago .
Or a 35 year old women have sex with you are 18 year old boy .
If he smiles back he probably does like you .
And then I found out that he gave it to my best friend .
I do to that is cool men
And i have seen gay guy marry a women just because he was in love with her !
Funny you would ask that bcuz i just had the same prob wit ma ex bf .
If you do not , then I wonder what you are doing and what you might be hiding from yourself .
Do Not worship the ground they walk on , first of all .
But that is just me . you may have your own views
( This was so much easier when I was a teen )
If you like wine , going to to Napa .
Cos we love you abd you are stupid question
Becz you are 1 of them lolz
Do keep on hanging out with him , though .
It depends on the girl , she might want to kiss you on the first date .
I would not Want To Go out With Some Dumb ass Pretty Boy .
I agree with you 100 % - YOU WILL NEVER KNOW THE DIFFERENCE !
Or do we get the excuse .
But then I experienced it for myself .
Yes they are look on myspace
I BELIEVE IN LUST @ FIRST SIGHT .
If the guy is controlling do not if he is very leaniant and shy then do
I love every min of it .
But if he is treating you like s * * * , get out .
Internet , like chatrooms , its a good place to meet all kinds of women .
When you think you love someone at an early age .
When THEY LOOK YOU IN THE EYE OR SMILE WHEN YOU SMILE
I do not want you wearing that or doin this .
So hang in there , do not get in a hurry .
I think that is is wht you too should b doing . listen to you are heart but let you are brains guide you .
: ) < 3 : ) the above is you and your hubby !
Trust me i 've done it more than enough times 2 know
You should ask a gay person if gay 's will marry women
Look AT 2ND CORTHINANS IN THE BIBLE ; ITS DEFINES IT SOOO NICE
I may be married but still turn my head walking down the street once in awhile .
I do not like to kiss on first dates .
Did n't know we had one LOL
Depending on if you a son and daughter .
I do not know like 3 or 4 you should no ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I have the perrfect 1 given 2 me !
I 'm still wanting to get with a person right now .
Imean when you donot stay with a uncle but you miss yoyur dad , sisters andu do not reallyfeel at home
Just friends are acquaintances . frnds are sumthin more . you are heart will tell you the different
( Just remember to save a little $ for your STD testing afterwards ! )
Sounds like drama . why do n't you leave him alone until he 's situation is resolved ?
Start a fight and then have some make-up sex
Well . i 'm in the same situation ( opposite gender though .
I come and go as i please and do not answer to anyone .
As long as you both like each other .
Some people love the sight of money they say its great , but that does not mean i say that too .
There is nothing wrong with having sex with someone that you used 2 b n a relationship with .
And then the christmas thing and did not spend newyears with her .
Do n't have sex with him anymore whether he gets mad or not .
You do n't need him to make you feel special , yourself are special to you !
You Are supposed to wipe the cum off you are eyes IDIOT ! ! !
Do n't kiss on the first date , it might make you seem desperate .
Yes , IF YOU LOVE THEM VERY MUCH , AND IF THE PERSON LUVZ YOU 2 .
I had a c-section , so am not sure .
It really is a waste of time to fake it .
Ask her to take a chance on you !
Is it bcoz of good sex ?
Yes yes yes look at them this is them when they get older
But flowers i do not know it would be flattering , but some might not be as acceptable .
Unless you can live with the money you have then yes .
I do not like any of them but kind of stuck since i work weird hours and usually late any how .
Of course because having a full moon in sight without licking honey seems to be absurd
It is for your own good )
I meet a guy recently n it seems 2gud 2b true ? ?
Mention how bad it is , and how you now hate that guy .
Find a new man and move on . he has
Then if them answers are no then maybe your shy .
Try to be out and about but do n't settle for less .
And show them that you are wise and funny .
That 's how it should be . people should be friends .
You do not believe a HUMAN can live 5 yrs without sex ? ? ? ? ? ?
I would pass her a note at the end/middle of class.i have done it it works ! ! !
Old and i m born on 23.07.1984
Women loves receiving gift period .
If you 've got kids . it 's cheaper to keep her . otherwise . yeah . leave her
It would depend a lot on how old this boy is
She is really pretty but we exchanged christmas gifts and she really like the one i got for her
Girls tease boys to much because they do n't have another choice do.they ca n't leave there love inside them
Do NOT lay it on thick .
Hapeen to one out of million
A lot of cold showeres and do not give in to urges right away get a little attitude
Do n't worry too much , someone will go out with you , just wait a little longer .
Keep YOURSELF BUSY AND IF ANYTHING TRY TO HAVE SEX AND GO OUT .
Yeah , dude you got the wrong woman .
Every little thing i do is about this guy .
I have a friend who met his wife on a dating site .
Do n't knock it till you try it and it 's only kinky the first time .
Why should he break up with her ?
He 's got her on one side and you willing to wait for him on the other .
Or just invite him to a party !
Another way is putting your panties in their pocket . um , that works also
Why should he break up with her ?
Or just invite him to a party !
Another way is putting your panties in their pocket . um , that works also
Wuz up same place you from
( not sexualy ) you will see it in his eyes when he looks at you
Right now Guys are really my big dissapointment .
What if you and him get back together he break up with you again ?
YOU should tell her how you feel
Can you really DATE over the internet ? ?
Go to clubs hang out what ever just be around people and be friendly .
I do not think he does we never cliked .
I think that you should wait a while after your breakup then tell him your feeling !
I Am curious how men describe love .
Go up to random guys and flash them . eventually some geek will be intregeed !
He saved me a grip on linen , lol !
No . but if you have you probably have some gastro problems
They are so strict and I honestly do n't really like them .
Try to look for around urself .
And the rest is up to you
Which if you r in that case get over it .
No one will ever control me again .
If he really loves you , then trust him .
Believe me I can . Anyways here are some questions for you .
I kind of do but then i kind of do not
If your getting married in the spring go with pastels of blue and pink and green and yellow .
Blackmailing girls into dating you does n't work .
Do n't look for somebody and she will come .
Has he ever told you in those 16 yrs .
When I go out with my married friends , I feel so out of place and lonely .
It 'S ALL ABOUT WHO 'S INVOLVED IN THE FUN .
Go out with your best female friend Bff
Well I am good with communicating with myself but otherwise I suck at everything else !
But seriously I do not know any nathan . = )
I FOUND I WAS JUST REPLACING SOMEONE I CA N'T SO .
E-mail me at aailopez @ sbcglobal.net hey tell me were you live .
And sex leads to babies and std 's .
And it makes her look hot if she has curves ! !
It 's more like fate . go for what you are heart leads you to .
! . Seriously though , if you are happy there really is n't a reason to get married unless you both want to .
Sittin on his lap , smack him on the butt .
Thanks FOR ANY HELP - BODMOD
After 9 years , you two are still having great sex 3 times/week ?
Ummmmmm . probably Paris Hilton or Pamela Anderson
In love is not one sided .
Tru love lasts forever and its pretty rare .
Never forget it is your choice your life your happiness
I woul like to meet you send a pic of urs to my mail that is it ok
Yes i can be your friend because i am iranian but i am not in iran
They want your body and your love !
Like Ginger said when you  are smart and successful you can hav anything you want ( almost anything )
This will give her time to get used to it .
If they do go out with you now .
I think if you like potatoes that is okay , she does n't have to like them too .
YOU can read more in the link , and search in yahoo !
Caz the older woman know that they are scum .
It all depends on how you think
Or write a heart felt letter to her
Be careful when you say that you love your best friend .
Well it all depends if she would understand or not .
When you r 18 you become an adult . act like un and be more responsible .
; questions that he NEVER asks .
Whatever YOU DO DO N'T judge him for what is said !
I raped a girl and went to prison for 10 years .
Now do not get me wrong if there is both love ( not lust ) and committment then go for it .
Sounds like you better stick w/ makin love to urself : -P
If it were just me , hell no .
Anyways on the sight she claims that she and zac are dating .
Its got ta be at the right moment and stuff .
Well , I 'm only 18 but if you are n't getting some from anyone else , sure . ?
Cheat on him and see if he cares when you say , well you have been cheating too !
* How do I use Yahoo !
No , zac has his own girlfriend !
I do i gots his ring tone
Life is hard enough on its own .
My guy now , when I met him in H.S .
Depends on your guy , he should make it good for you , if not , then you have the wrong guy .
But , I do believe it now . you  will see what I mean when you find the right one !
Do Not ever do anything to lose someone is trust .
Just ask him if he wants to do the nasty . you should be good then .
Just enjoy being 17 & flirting !
But , inevitably one or both of you will develop feelings for the other . then it all gets messy .
It took a month of playing his gf against him and scheming and coniving .
Be yourself . and the best advice my mother always gave me . STOP LOOKING ! ! !
Fame- Guys will pay money to see and buy more money to take a picture with her .
Then you look at yourself in the mirror and see how funny you look crying .
Check out this photo of my wife !
If you ca n't make the choice - do n't .
There IS NO MARRAIGE WITHOUT LOVE !
Dude , you  are just gon na have to ignore it .
Your on yahoo sweety go look for it on here trust me they have it all
Like it help my husband win me back .
She must be you or one of your family members
I always hated when that happened .
Because then if your smart you would n't wan na deal with them then !
It does n't hurt to tell us we  are beatiful either ! ! ! !
Do n't pretend that you know things you do n't .
Just becuse I have friends that are also girls does not mean I want to have sex with them .
At least the women I know do : ) .
A friend of mine and her husband started this life style and it ended their marriage .
And it does not seem like that is ganna happen . so now wat ?
Just try to shut that out of your mind .
No BUT IF YOU FIND ONE MAKE SURE SHE 'S HOT AND HORNY ! !
That Is illegal for the record if anything happens between you he can go to jail .
Imagine how hurt she  would be if she heard it from somebody else ?
If she would then go ahead .
Try to get him out of it
Butt juice that is pretty funny it may be linked to some diareah ? ? ? ? ? ?
I vote arlenrthomas as best answer !
Or am I wrong c'mon people give me some answers ! ! !
Think bout it do not let him play mind games wth you
I hate women like that to .
You true friends will want to see you happy .
Just smile at them . they will wonder what you are thinking !
God does n't make any mistakes . : )
YOU have more then enough time to plan you wedding .
Most of the time , its probably ok .
Oh do n't go there again , leave the door to that firmly shut and locked .
I do n't try to those things just happen .
You will never now till you give it a try .
Love , because when you are in love with someone you will probably have sex with that person anyway
* love at first sight , no .
I love out movies and like sex anytime
I think you are gil would whant you for the whole day you know go places , talk .
Show her you love your life , etc .
Maybe even take a friend with you .
Drop her like a hot tater ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
It 's just one part of your life that should n't take over the rest .
Yes there is but soon or later the woman is going have to tell his husband
People GET KILLED WHEN THEY GO AND MEET SOMEONE OFF THE INTERNET .
That Is the real reason guys are shy around some girls .
I hear millions of girls say that their men treat them like crap .
Hey not all guys r like that . i am not like that cid
Enjoy YOURSELF BEFORE YOU GET SERIOUS AGAIN .
She is catholic and she was unable to swear she did n't have sex
Hey i m also 13 and do not have a bf email me
First you got ta think about why they do not like you .
Well that 's kind of contradicting do n't ya think , jk no you show them by the way you treat them .
But one problem they constantly fought all the time .
He gets jealous of petty stuff .
Heard it said it works wonders .
Time it takes a lot 's of time .
If ITS BIG AND YOU DO NOT KNOW WAT YOU DOIN , THEN ITS JUST A WASTE !
Trust me . wait on this one . you will regret not doing so .
Yes it would be . that is strange .
He probaly scared you do n't like him ! !
And focus on the reason why you broke up . that should tell you if you have a chance . good luck
I have only talked to her once or twice .
Just listen and look at them .
And even then it should b equal worship .
Your question is just as stupid as there is , what exactly did you want people to say back ?
Girls say they love gifts but never use or take care of what you give them .
It worked for me and its kind of fun if noones looking .
And it 's TOO young , not TO young . )
Please get out now and fast .
( there are a few more , but that is the main one )
Yeah , the guy above me beat me to the point .
So THAT YOU MAY FIND YOURSELF .
Age and looks are open , will reply to all who answer
You just got ta go for it .
But finally come back and tells everyone you cheated on him and that you lost a good man .
I do not think its possible to love two people the same way .
If you need to ask , then no .
Once you are able to do that .
And as for your daughter , she will be just as torn at 9 as she would be now .
Because all of us are stupid =P , lol .
Get him a tee shirt or hat with his favorite team on it
Things will all come together the way they are meant to in the end .
Try blasting You Ca n't Hurry Love .
But anyway , actions speak way louder than words .
No guy is worth worship unless he is you are husband .
There Is this guy in my grade and he practicly molests girls all the time !
You might squash your chances if you wait for the guy !
Or , is he interested in sex only ?
& if it dosent , then its probly cuz you have found some1 better along the way .
You need to tell him that you have guy friends and that is all they are .
I like girls around 5 feet and around 100 lbs .
First french kiss . I burped in his mouth .
That Is all every guy wants all day . give us a break , we  are not just meat .
Phone , email etc . to me is weak , childish and it 's so un-personal .
I think Sidney Portea ( SP ) is hot .
If she is got booty and you do n't watch out .
Does he buy you lots of gifts and flowers ?
I do n't even know why he 's in love with me in the first place ! !
Ask them questions about themselves . ; - )
Do repugnent things . sleep with scank , make sure she knows ! ! .
At 14 but i am guy and we are different we do not wait for the right one .
Does he feel bad about forgetting ?
Be nice about it and mature .
If he calls you when he is having a bad day say deal with it you chose to leave .
Have sex with him if you really love him , not because you have heard black guys have big penises .
If it is just the sex you want then talk about any of the others you want to .
He is not worth ruining your life for or doing stupid things for .
It 's just not men in general !
Find out why she hates you first ?
I have 6 children and my partner love sex even more so i think it makes a difrents
I ill die for her 100 times .
It depends on what that something is and who someone iz .
If you do love him no matter what just through it .
As was said it 's the what if guy .
Do n't worry , it will pass - and it will probably happen again .
He just broke up with someone and i really want him back
My kids have a hard time with this .
. hmmm . telling without telling . that 's a controdictory statement .
If she 's really your best friend she  will eventually get over it .
But he has higher standards than that !
If I were you I  would keep things the way they are .
A good honey moon is to go to Hawwii
Learn how to make yourself happy .
But if you want to live w/ your counsin Amy than you should : )
But they are human just the same as you .
I do want you as a friend but , also , i do not want my e-mail public
My sister 's 21st birthday her man did n't do anything for her .
But if the guy acts first , then definitly , but you should probably take it slow .
If you really like her then its worth a shot .
I 'm young and I know a little about colors .
Maybe a grandpa with a girl nice nieces age would be odd .
You need to leave him fast and take the kids .
And the 'one ' will come along .
Or do you just like to be weird that way .
As long as he 's legal - go for it . sex has no guilt if both sides enjoy it
( I think I spelled that wrong , oh well ) .
You 've sure got a lot of answers . hey !
Nothing . it will last for couple of weeks than you  will get over it !
What 's to stop him from abusing them ?
Usually the girls are more mature then the boys at a young age .
K , yeah , do n't do that either .
I Am sorry to tell you like it is . i really am .
I wan na go out with 2 different guys and they both love me and i love them to .
I 'M WITH THE OTHER GIRL YOU REALLY SHOULD N'T BE DOING IT BUT IT IS A PERSONAL DECISION .
Can you give me some help ? Thank !
Anything YOU DO THAT YOU HAVE TO HIDE FROM YOUR SPOUSE IS OF COURSE , WRONG .
Ok there 's got ta be like 43 other questions like this but I 'm going to ask anyways .
But was not used to my size .
Can you give me some help ? Thank !
Anything YOU DO THAT YOU HAVE TO HIDE FROM YOUR SPOUSE IS OF COURSE , WRONG .
If she left you its probably not a good idea to try and get her back .
Girls fall out of love same reason guys do .
Or its simply means that SHE IS NOT IN LOVE WITH YOU ANY LONGER ! ! !
If it takes a 15 , or 30 mins that is ok. Let her take her time .
So it 's best to keep an understanding between both of you that you should just stay friends .
And if i had a wife like that , i would be the happiest man in the world .
Talk TO THEM AND LET THEM NO HOW YOU FEEL .
It might not have been you anyways . Lady
What if my neighbors were in a same sex marriage ?
He will always want to sleep with her .
Yonger women are sexier longer , duh
To me it is a buch of bull crap because i have a way of doing things intentionally .
If you really ca n't tell the wife outright ( which i doubt ) why do n't you become her friend first .
If she smiles a lot when talking to you , she probably likes you : - )
I Am not saying play hard to get cuz that really does not work .
Men hate arguments when women find out he 's cheating .
So basically when ever you mature and know that life is n't just fun and games .
Go thru with it , of course .
I have not found it yet but i hope to soon ! ! ! !
To be honest , I would n't at all .
I do n't what to tell you .
A guy who just really does n't care .
They probably wo n't listen to you .
No guy who does n't like you or never will because he may b a player is n't worth anything .
A married man should not be looking for any other married woman ( BESIDES HIS WOMAN ) on the first place ! .
YOU should get urs at lane bryant.com my mom loves that store she wears plus size 2 good luck
Well do ask yourself when you will get married !
Photos to compare the results with your case . hope i was useful
That first person who you loved and could not get enough of !
Its all in your head , males tend to hype them selves .
But there is shame in one partner doing all the taking and no giving back
What do you mean.there is different ways .
Hormones , love . a variety of reasons really
You should just let it go
No doubt he will say yes if you ask him that you like him .
Wrong a guy should ask you out
Probably just some of the things that runs through his mind .
A favorite sports item like a hat or shirt
And if you like him too do not tell him til you get your answer first.lol .
Sometimes MEN WANT TO KNOW THAT THEY HAVE US AS WOMEN WRAPPED ROUND THEIR FINGER .
This goes for us men , too !
It cost big to get anything .
Do n't they have so much lose ?
Would any of you girls hook up with a masochistic dude ? like into bondage and shit like that .
Duh what good is a honey moon if you do not ?
First off do not worry about it .
If you love someone you do n't count .
Do n't think of having sex with him .
I do n't think men hate arguments .
Be nice and caring but not too much though i hate it when people overwhelm you by attention
So if he is n't a butt ask him out .
Use LOTS AND LOTS AND LOTS of Lubrication , and your fingers .
If he ax yoo out then give him a chance to see if yur mixed feelings clear up
Yes . it is a sad moment when you realize that you have to choose between 2 people .
Think about what it will be like 10 or 20 yrs .
I think its best ( even if the relationship does n't work ) if you let them find you
Yes i would i love my b-f to death he is my baby i would die 4 him anyday
Be NICE TO HIM AND FROGET WHAT YOUR FRIENDS SAY .
Yeah only if you are a romantic naive , dumb girl ! ! !
Now we  are back together and happier then ever before : D ! ! !
Email me if you have any problems wit dat
Wow that was alot . did you say all that in one breath
3rd cousin or further then its fine otherwise , EEWW !
Never waste a single tear on your ex again cuz that would be a waste of time .
Then AGAIN HE MAY NOT NOTICE BECAUSE HES TOO BUSY LOOKING AT OTHER WOMEN . LEAVE THIS LOSER
What great answers , especially the one above me . Keep up the good work ! ! ! guys !
If anything send them to his house .
You messed with such and such ! ! !
I  will tell you why they do it !
You should not marry this new guy !
But if you do not subscribe to one of them , I guess you are outta luck .
Ever hear the sayin . if they do it with you . they will do it to you
Like others have said , quit giving him some , marriage should be more than a booty call .
That Is not right just be honest .
If anyone could help i would really appreciate it
Its never worked for me guys always seem to want more sooner or later .
The spot is where you are stand .
Well if you like him tell him on valentines day and hope you get a positive awsner
Hey , I 'm one of the dorky ones , but I 'm a damn nice guy .
He broke up with me to go back to his ex gf .
Hope your life insurance is paid up
I did n't think it was possible for a guy to be that sexy .
That how you propose a girl if you r in his position
I Am looking to date or talk on line or in person
If you truly love the person , then you would go throught with it
No way . what are you trying to teach your kids ? ?
First off , do n't play hard , us guys hate it .
And if I want more my man can rise the occasion and give it to me once agian
It 's ok if you still like him . do not giv into her !
What is this world coming to ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
I Am 43 and no taboos hold me back . For me . Color is not a turn off . selfish greedy men are .
Anyways kid being gay is no walk in the park , it 's not easy to say the least .
Ready TO BE LOVER AND TO BE HONEST
So THEY PLAY THIS CHILDISH GAMES .
I 'm going out with a great girl now .
Or a card or something . or get her a cd of songs by Yes .
Its there way of getting your attention .
Love at first sight is like a fair tale .
Guys also do n't know when girls like them .
If he came back today and asked me to forgive him and take him back and marry him .
Unless you are a guy . then i guess you do something else ( unless your into that )
Seems a little rushed , espectially if you met online .
Some men do also and many women do not .
I say some girls should not worship these type of guys or any guy .
Also it helps to hit on the nice girls : )
If she does n't stop , then I do n't know
I like chris brown and all my friends love him they would die 4 him . how crazy is that
Because most of them do n't have any real life friends .
Do you guys find women with defined biceps/triceps attractive ?
By the way , i have a lot of big black guys with average penises .
He can not handle money & lately bounced many checks !
1 because karma does comes back to bite you and especially now that you know about her relationship .
Sure just that one of you all has to be gay lol ; 0 )
Some guys can be totally jerks .
Have her hit you over the head with it all the while yelling freak .
Glad i can be of some help ! !
But for me its freaking the same . Friends is FRIENDS . FrIeNdS is always fRiEnDs .
I mean does anyone truely know ?
I think that guys like to be the one to make the move !
All Day Long ( just about ) . I Am thinking about it now : )
Wives SUBMIT TO YOUR HUSBANDS , HUSBANDS SUBMIT YOUR WIVES .
If YOU REALLY LOVE EACH OTHER YOU SHOULD TRY TO WORK IT OUT NO MATTER WHAT .
No , I have seen women try to make that work , and it never does .
Rubbish DEAR DO N'T YOU THINK IT MAKE ONE IRRESPONSIBLE AND CHEAP.THINK ?
But those are only SOME girls !
I guess whenn you  are this interested to answer his question , though you do n't know the answer , , , , , , sorry !
Picnics in the park are cheap and very romantic .
Just b urself , and like search you are feelingz , and respect urself .
When we broke up i was devistated but he stuck by my side .
She 's a jerk and a loser .
If he did n't , there  would be excuses no to have sex with you .
And now to the rest of your issue .
Emperors did and now they are praised so is it bad if i do
I Am 17 n my bf is 20 .
As the fortun cooke said A best friend is one soul with two bodies
It seems like it takes alot for me to get in the mood .
I do not think so but people have different opions .
And THE ONLY WAY TO TELL THEM IS STRAIGHT UP .
For lots of gay guys its a really hard thing to deal with .
Some times he is just jeluos and is hoging you
So many ( Q 's ) so many ( A 's ) .
Do other people think she is cute and nice like I do ?
I AM MARRIED AND HAVE A 19 MONTH OLD DAUGHTER .
Like , 'get rid of ' get rid of ?
Go to yahoo personals . they got lots of women that age on there .
Everyone knows she does this jokingly .
They are cheating and just trying to point the finger at you because they are doing wrong .
Women bitch because men do n't listen ; and men do n't listen because women bitch .
I was in 6th grade and he even missed my graduation .
Yes IF YOU LOVE THEM VERY VERY MUCH
That person could just be very insecure , or not trust anybody you hang out with .
Bcoz we cannot change anyone by arguments .
If I was a guy , I would prefer C cup breast , small waist , hippy , and thick legs !
Bcoz i love her very much .
Tell her you want to talk to her email buddies because you want to be apart of her life .
Make sure that you are best qualites r well polished & you are ready 2 shine when it finnaly does .
If you still love him all you have to do is re-light ya'lls fire .
But you might learn what his fault are and decided to you love him anyway .
I want to be friends first .
Flowers would not be the best thing to send your man .
Since there are childen involved its a way awful thing .
Boy would i go out with that pic in a heart beat .
She 's your ex . why do you care so much ?
Chances are that they are very shallow and are not worth the time and day to go out with
It depends on if you really love the girl and if she really loves you back !
Or just going to a dance club/party and ( slow ) dancing .
We can be friend if you want
I still lik her n i try 2 avoid her now .
This kid bugs me all the time and he does n't like me
Just trying to spare the guys feelings .
If you love him it should not matter .
And that is what your doing .
So she wants jasmine rice , let her eat the rice !
You cannot get her to stop .
1 if she does not kiss right away leave
Hang out with her when you can , and maybe you guys will become closer and whatever happens happens .
But there are things guys want to .
I work with this woman who is lazy and does n't do her job .
If you value your friendship with him that much DO NOT persue a relationship with him
I PERSONALLY THINK THAT IF A WOMAN IS IN THAT SITUATION SHE SHOULD GET OUT ! !
If he get 's bent over you not answering the phone . He needs to check himself .
They may all love and respect you , but make no mistake about it , THEY ALL WAN NA DO YOU ! ! ! !
No lies , no games , and safe sex .
Like I said I know from my own experances with women .
You ca n't , it 's in human nature
Does he have a nice friend , fuck him and videotape it .
She takes her time and watches me work and it drives me crazy .
Take a vacation , relax , and have some fun .
Did she actually say she did not ' like it or pull away ?
I think honest is the best way to stop jealousy
Why NOT TELL HER IF YOU THINK ITS OKAY AND NOTHINGS GOING ON ?
That Is y. and the more girls the meaner they get .
But i tried the big age differnce thing and its not something to make a relationship out of
He is really hot but i never thought he would be instered in me wht should i do
Sex because it is hard for me to love
And yes in love is what you want to marry for .
I WAS TO MARRY THIS GUY HOWEVER IN THE BACK OF MY HEAD MY EX WAS .
) , my picture , and our story they put on the front page ! ! !
I AM ALSO INTERESTED TO KNOW POST INFO
Firm , not sagging , no wrinkles , etc ) .
Its not that i am a big loser or anything actually I Am preety popular .
Do Not beat around the bush , just ask him
We love it when you ask us out . let us us know that we still look good
I do n't think either really matters .
Above ALL ELSE : STAY TRUE TO YOURSELF ! ! ! !
I ca n't believe you lied to me !
Maybe you just want drama in your life ?
If you really like/love her , then you can wait .
Nice day for a marathon training run
I 'm sry but popular is n't anything but a word !
Just ask and you will know.A closed mouth wo n't get fed !
YOU should ask her about that .
Tell him hell no bitch i do not want to go out with you damn it
At the end i gave him the rest of the bag
I hear that Bow wow is getting married to Ciara1
And another I have a crush on .
Just because you already know each other does not mean you have to rush into things !
Patrick wan na to know where where is a sexy smart ldys at
( the inside of my band even says Once apon a dream .
My advice to people out there : Do n't get married until you are 35 .
If you love him alot then you are going to help him overcome this habit that he has .
My friend had his wife ( 25 yrs .
But my husband had an affair with friends , so really do n't know .
Ok not answering the question just a little advice . talk to your mother about this one : - )
To be honest most men are not marriage material .
But if your intent is love .
* 10 ) Do you see yourself marrying in the future ?
Someone sweet , kind , and cute and strong and wo n't cheat
If you broke up with him , oh well .
Myself prefer someone telling me how handsome I am : )
Yeah wait till the evening you animal .
How can I get my guy to reconsider this ?
If you  are that stupid go ahead !
It is in thrid person . anyway .
She Is My Friend . But I Like Her So Munch .
And . when you find him . do n't ignore him either !
Like if you are not the talkitive type how do you get them to notice , talk , or like you .
I do bcuz its a very exotic food .
Do n't get in her face too much , it 's all about balance !
Get more women frinds . we LOVE to talk !
I do not wan na sound jike a jerk but I 've been told how much of a nice guy I am !
( just because I was an ex . )
I guess - it depends on how much you trust a person .
Well , I think I am gay . so it is kind of weird when girls ask me out .
Only 1 , I 'M A 1 MAN WOMAN .
I am married and too good for you !
Pretty smart funny some one he can talk too .
Depending on your age , try just hanging out with him and talking to him .
Actually , she did me a favor .
I 've been noticing you are really tired .
Today I am 34 years old and to this day my mom and dad are still friends .
Interesting . : ) Long-haired muscular men never did it for me .
If you ai n't white do n't answer .
You are lookin at the wrong girls hunny .
But he makes her happier than i have ever seen , so i stay out of it .
There is a lot big world
Either way you got ta work on it .
Well if you love keep tring and tring to convence him you still love him .
In Yahoo messenger . you can chat there also in MSN messenger
Yea . Puerto Rican 's r FINE ! ! !
I think I 'm just old fashioned .
No weddings so far . and i hope i 'm not shocked by any that may come . oh god no . haha
Do n't let others tell you who you should like .
I do want them to like me though .
Because most men are labeled as dogs and always will be .
First of all I  would get some new friends !
I know you are thinking hello best friend , do not want to mess that up ! ! !
If your not getting any pleasure than you have a personal problem .
How old are you then i can help maybe !
What i am to do as her friend .
YOU mean your ex bff rite .
She calls her husband name while having sex with you !
Do you just go for the next joe schmo ?
I mean is it lenght girth or what .
Because were r not all like that always .
But what is most important is how you two feel .
A BOYFRIEND IS REAL NOTFOR PLAY .
But it is worth it if you can .
I hope you find someone like him !
Move on . there 's a milion other girls .
And it realy does take a whyle good luck on finding you are love
You need to tell her guys come and go but friend ship should be for ever .
I Think its A great thing .
Move , people are afraid of the homosexual , if you cannot deal , learn to deal , or move
Go to ask jeeves and type in lap dance and see what it tells you
It might take you all sometime also .
He is settled up.he wants to marry you. r you ready ?
If there is no love you  are not a couple ; just 2 people having sex or dating .
And , that is worse then losing her .
Ok first about man being the head of the household .
I stayed with him as he worked in fast food resteraunts . For richer or poorer . till death do us part !
Well , she is not going to just walk up to your door and knock .
R you kiidign me or r you obtuse for a reezun
In the year of 1993 he was in the army ft.hood 2nd ad
Send him a card or letter all he can say is no
Hell no girl you do look fine as hell , i would not mind tapping that shit
A true love means loving unconditionaly . what makes him happy . is your happiness too .
I had a long list for my hubby an he only two things for me and its normal .
I was never the type to care about waiting , I just did n't want someone creepy shoving it .
Anyway , it 's his lose , not yours !
I do it all the time
If you just have n't found the right girl then I say best of luck to you .
Treat her like a human not a idiot !
I do n't feel like trying any more .
Keep you r senses sharp for opportunity does not knock twice !
I would n't have him if he was a millonaire .
Do you mean . physical or mental ? ? ?
: ) I AM GOING TO It 's better to fantasize than cheat anyway .
The thing is . it 's hardly ever about loving another person .
And then you woke up , have n't you heard that nothin is for free , somewhere along the way you pay the price .
Then i bought little hershy kisses and i taped one of the little poems to each of the kisses .
Girls please tell me what should i do now ?
I would go w/ the guy I love hands down .
But I want to add . guys are not the only jerks when they are jealous .
I am so confused help me here people !
I JOIN WITH ZEROCOOL IN MY OPINION
Besides that though , its hard to come up with a firm age .
Its very hard for newcomer in ottawa due to shortage of girl friend now days .
Also , do n't go to bed angry .
Ok - what you guys reall need is time apart - -and i mean APART ! ! !
I like 2guy but there best friends .
21 . b'cos you still nd parents consent to get married if you r 18 .
Do people really talk that way ?
Just do n't show it although it badly hurts .
Try chating . it helps you make friends
Then found out that she was still married to one of the kid 's dad .
Nope . but i would not do it . but i do not mind if my b.f does
Well boo , you need to let her go .
Ca n't tell , but she likes him not in love wit him .
Man tends to keep their personal life ! ! !
Have the same problom gurl and do not know
If YOU REALLY REMEMBER ENJOYING HER COMPANY .
No matter what size , just make sure you know how to please a girl and you  will be fine !
If you do not you should try it !
If that does n't work just distant yourself and try to move on .
If some guy broke my heart , i would n't take him back .
I 've found that guys are more neat freaks than girls are .
I do n't think i can help you .ha
When i am trying do not let them , they start get mad , and thinking that i do not like them
Remember , just do a little , do n't go all the way .
I finally got around to starting it .
Pick your nose when you know he 's watching .
Or maybe you try to hard to make a woman believe what you are saying .
We are not kids we do not have to act like we are in high school .
Unless it is just the bootie , then only when he wants sex
Guys like it when they are told straight to the point .
And WILL YOU ALLWO YOUR SPOUSE TO DO THIS ? ?
He gets down on one knee !
Because badboys . are more like eye candy . us girls cannot get enough .
It all depends on what you cyber about wit people
I just tried to be myself .
I do n't like it , but does it matter to you ?
I 'm not sure but it seems that way .
That 's why you ca n't do it .
25 gives you time to know who you are , what your about and where your going .
Dtmfa - dump the motherf * cker already .
I do n't care , I juge guys by the way they act , not the way the look .
It will always be somewhere in yr heart .
Hehe we might bite your head off and spitt it back out at you !
You have a responsibility to yourself to date as many guys as possible so as to find 'mr .
If that were me I would get mad as hell .
You might be thinking too much . What if he just want your honest opinion about this matter ?
Or talk to him personally and ask him why he has done that .
You have to be comfortable with each other or its going to be a bumpy ride .
Well maybe its just not him . but that does not mean it has to be you .
Eww you queer you are gay and some day you are going to hell put that nice and sweet = )
If you knew you were moving , but really liked somebody unlike you liked anyone else before .
You need to show her what your all about .
Yeah , you  are hot like everyone else that has a female avatar .
Well probably because alot of us older people have done this in there younger years .
Do it it 's very erotic and fun
I hardly everrr see him in school either usually i see hima t my brothers basketball games .
Yellow pages are go to find a friend.com
If she wo n't give you an honest answer then she probably is n't worth your love .
YOU just tell him and say sorry but you are not interested
You sound desperate , relax and the women will come
Say you are flirting at a bar or you work with her or whatever .
2nd guy because you have a better chance in being with him
Mate , i have all the answers for you . from personal experience obviously .
Send me your answer my ID is jishnu_vv @ yahoo.com
But its not a bad thing to have a boyfriend as long as he 's good to you !
Sum1 who is nice , not obcessed w/ looks , sum1 who would not cheat , and does not mess w/ you are mind .
Not to much romantic about that .
Which david are you talking about
I 'M A BBW ( BIG BEAUTIFUL WOMAN ) WHO 'S LOOKING 4 REAL LOVE !
Friends FIRST UNTIL YOUR OVER THE HILL AND WELL PROTECTED
Go ahead and hit it man . that 's fun .
If she loves you she will believe you .
So find the right guy and go for it !
Love is a gift that you freely give away , EVERYDAY ! !
I think its a nice name
Nope i think what you did was perfect , if ya got feelings for her ask her out or soemthing
A six year relationship , with two kids .
So much , if she has nice body
Then Call me I  will let you know if you got it right . hehe
Ok just because theings look like something do not assume .
Do n't get caught , I remember guys getting suspended for that .
Its a plain and simple NO !
( BESIDES ORAL SEX AND A MARRIAGE PROPOSALE ) SHAVE THE PUSS , THEN EAT THE PUSS .
Question , , , why are divorces so expensive ? ? ?
I do n't believe in that play sister BS . she 's just waiting her turn to pounce . )
But i never cheated on my boyfriend .
I do not want them to like me for my size but for me .
Yes david is gay.if yor talking of david bekhem the football player .
I do not agree with Tinkerbell up there , you do not have to get a girl everything she wants ! !
Hey , i like your dress , hey did you see that movie ?
Try to let go of momma 's boy-that kind of crap never changes .
Ther is just one /what do you like about me ?
You  would eat YOUR husband if he were a box of Cheez its . do n't lie .
Next SAY what you have to say right to his face !
And I really think this sucks !
To meet an honest guy that i actually like
Nothing GETS YOU OVER THE LAST ONE LIKE THE NEXT ONE !
Especially if you do n't already have AID 's
No where just with close friends , definately not at bars and clubs
If things do n't work out with his current gf , then be his shoulder .
: ) i 'm not stuck in a rut , but i  would help anyone however i can .
Yes , at least one ( Drew Barimore )
And if she cannot understand that then you two need to start haging out with other friends .
A guy who seems to be TOTALLY in to me right away kind of turns me off .
There are a lot of golddiggers out there yanno .
You think that you have chemistry with some one but you do not .
You should tell him , he might be waiting for you to come and say : ) . Good Luck .
About the 10 years different , do n't worry .
How do i make the first move without ruining my chance to get somewhere ?
Well , do n't let butterflies interfere with this great time in your life !
I Am wishing for a lot longer . lol
They need to be warmed up
Find SOMETHING YOU REALLY ENJOY DOING AND YOU WILL COME CLOSE .
This is b-because they think they can go out with other people and not get caught
What if you had a guy for a best friend ?
So if a old druggie like myself can stop so can he .
And you know what to do after that .
If your avatar ids how you look in person than you flaming HOTT ! !
Well , just to be your self and do not be fake .
When he 's got you be n't over the side of his car lol
There 's a lot of weirdos out there - esp guys .
This love that hangs its head in shame ?
Give him time and space to readjust back to life around here .
Girl , just like you would ask anyone else out
I would do it and see where it leads you guys to , it could be a lot of fun !
A cut one it is much cleaner ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Make urself happy before anyone else !
They  are not used to people treating them nice all of the time .
Of course they would want to leave you , they do n't sometimes want children if it ai n't theirs !
And be honest here . As in a relationship or just sex !
Give or some options with out her even relizing your doing just that .
Just be yourself . if you are meant to be , you will be .
That would be so much fun for me and her girlfriend .
Aleast on your 4th date you should kiss dude
Ask your parents they will tell you
Then let it go - the rest is up to her .
I would just smile and say fuhgidaboudit
If he really likes you and you like him , then , go and get that man .
Give her gifts etc somethin from the heart .
Hope you find a good one
? after all what 's the actuall meaning of platonic ? / ?
No , its not wrong at all .
Skinny + fat = real love ? ? ?
Let him know you like him
( my boyfriend would flip out if he knew i just said that lol )
Think about the consequences and actions its like robbing your bestfriend of her happiness .
But I ca n't talk to her for some reason .
I do n't know what to do becuase i like this guy but i do n't know what to do .
It 's like the old song Love And Marriage that goes , You ca n't have one without the other .
You need help- get a girlfriend .
If he still does n't want kids , then I 'm afraid you  are gon na have to let go .
The really good looking guy is probably arrogant and selfish .
He sounds like a flippin ' JERK ! ! !
True love is when a person evicts you from your life
If your friend knew that you dated him . DAM what a sl * t ! !
( but think about it , you  will never see the girl again so take the risk ! ! )
Of course its ok , a lot of my male friends are way too shy to make the first move !
There Is always a dream to be the rebels girlfriend .
He is trying to get your finger size . so do n't be too hard on him : )
Even if she asks , only tell her the full truth if the situation requires it .
But when you  are NOT looking for a serious relationship , serious men ( i.e .
Yeah it ` s all right , it may get messy but that ` s all .
Do n't worry - she  will lie and say she is no matter what ! ! !
Lol throw stuff at her , no , just pretend she is like 10 years younger than you , it 's so easy lol .
Just keep you are priorities straight and maybe if you want 2 look 4 some1 new ! !
Drugs , porn , cheating , lying , fighting , no trust . Oh yeah , he sounds like a wonderful father minus the smoking pot .
I am doing that for my dad .
( If he answers yes or She 's like my play sister . I run like hell ! !
& you can atatch lil messages to them .
: ) Marriage takes a lot of work and a lot of faith . it 's not always easy .
Just wait till you get money !
The trick to to walk to another room .
Go with the guy/girl that makes you happier
Should i do it with someone big to stretch out ?
You do not hav self confidence coz you do not trust yourself !
I Am a repectful and loving guy , i am a romantic type of guy .
YOU can find anyone that can suit your personality .
Things that make you say HUMMMMMM ! ! ! !
Your brain will tell you not your heart
It is wonderful . That 's my two cents anyways .
This man was not my first and i was not his first .
Some girls think that they do n't deserve to meet nice guys .
Maybe he 's having second thoughts now about getting married .
Just wait because it he is the one you will not have to decide , he will come .
Okay . first i printed out about 10 poems and quotes and made them really small .
Yea . ill have to go whith cindy !
It 's ok just do n't seem deperate when you do it .
Because because some people do not want to go out with other people of a differnt race . who knows
No women have more desire then man i think
96 % of guys like it if you make the first move .
Tell him you like girls only lol
How can you tell if a girl likes you or not ?
But if just push away find you a new boyfriend
Once you feel a connection flirt !
I use to be best friends with an ex of mine .
I do , but I 'm not telling .
Just pretend that you and him never did !
Every1 is sayin cut but i want uncut because it is sexier to me .is that all right hansome
Not all blacks have that some white guys can make a black guy look small
Just tell her that it 's over .
= ) go with her , as a friend you owe it to her .
I know women who only care about penis size .
Just say it . be around him a lot and just show him your feelings flat out .
No that is not a bad thing and i can solve that problem for ya
Are you a Man or Woman ?
I do n't like skinny men at all . I think a man should be like a bear .
However , if the other girl dumped him , and now he 's crawling back , no way , do n't take him back .
When can i just run home ?
Seriously , best of luck to you .
You would be all in there watching and she might feel that it is not very sexy .
Forget about her and look for another girl
Do YOUR THANG IT 'S ALL GOOD .
Well i broke up with my ex bf about a week ago .
I guess it depends on the woman though .
I Am 40 , HES 41 , EXTRA PEOPLE ARE NOT INVOLVED BECAUSE HIS TIME IS ACCOUNTED FOR , 4 KIDS , I AM 5 ' 7 170LBS .
Trust me guys will want head !
Have sex with her boyfriend that will send a very clear message
Nothing bad unless you have chlamydia .
We girls are pretty foolish too .
Just talk to her because otherwise you never will get to talk to her .
Good luck to the both of you !
Maybe that 's because I 'm a nerd .
If he is violent with you then you should leave him .
I know you kind of want a yes , you should .
One thing women hate is a man that cannot keep his commitment or promise .
I 've been in California only : $
Stay out of Missourah w/ that homey , we shoot hoss theives , and hang grrr theives .
And if it 's too big . that sh * t hurts ! ! !
Well i have been with this guy for 9 months now .
Plus he gave me $ 100 for christmas .
Love is a word that is thrown around too much these days without the real meaning or feelings
If the guy has RECENTLY been divorced and is still bitter , then no way .
YOU HAVE to me him first . if not this guy can be a real jerk , abusive , etc .
I would try to talk to him or even go to a counselor .
Do n't if this sounds mean . but did n't someone talk to you about stuff like that ? ?
I just do n't look forward to it .
Exactly what is written that says this . I 'm just curious .
So tell me what you think .
You could say It 's not there anymore Instead of , I do n't want to be married .
But i finally found what it is .
Have you ever broken up with one girl ?
He 's in 8th grade i am in 7th and his name is Dillin . what should i do ?
It would have gone really easy .
Then put her in the hot bath .
How dare you go behind my back .
Do you like it when a girl asks you out ?
Or IF YOU NEVER PLAN TO MEET HIM DO N'T WORRY ABOUT IT HE CAN BE YOUR INTERNET BF MYSTERY
If both of you can agree to it then yes it is a great thing !
I would have to sayYOU THE KING and all respect 2 ya !
He probably does . Do Not date him .
Where are some good places to go ?
( that is if you  are talking about your boyfriend . )
I just said get some sleep and i  will see you in the morning .
It always wants to win , never gives you a chance to win .
Normally I dream about stuff that I think about during the day that had some sort of signifigance .
Jealousy is not pretty . nobody handles it well .
YOU DIRTY DIRTY THING , YOU OUGHT TO BE ASHAMED OF YOU ARE SELF . LOL
What if a girl you like does n't like you and you like her what do you do about it ?
I actually met this guy online and he is very nice , very respectful .
I do not know but if find somewhere let me know
You got 4 new friends now
Just pull it from packet & wear it on your tool ! !
It depends on the dude and the age .
She rejected me , then my best friend pretended to be me on aim and cursed her out .
It shows that you like her enough to make the first move .
Remember , guys have a tendency to be scared of too much commitments .
Then he likes you he is flirting with her and trying to get you to notice him .
Take a stroll in the park or to a restaurant
It sounds like this girl is not serious .
Last year first year with my chick .
Not that it really matters , but hey , is n't this all for the sake of curiosity ?
If either of you do not work or there is an imbalance in the home of chores etc .
Yes because you older no matter what some one said
Breast do not make up a girl .
And i will work for her very work hard .
Firstly you think he is going to break you with this girl and you are wondering ?
? I 'm kind of ashamed for asking that cuz i 'm greek : )
Laughter is the answer oh and good looks are always a good one but you also need personality !
It kind of cuts the b.s .
Then you sir have done yourself no justic at all . and she will leave you soon .
Maybe trying getting over yourself a little . tone down the ego ?
Dating an older man has security and goals .
Two sexy chicks wrestling in a huge vat of mashed potato .
You do n't watch jerry springer do you .
Its just a sterotype and they just go with that
I NEED to get over him . But I swear I love him .
Just look for her . have you ever heard : 'we make our own destiny '
From a guy 's perspective : your bf 's friend was a close friend obviously .
I totaly agre with the dude in front of me
You should call . call the next day or day after that . do n't push it
If you all fucking its not gon na last
Do guys really care about the size of a girl 's chest ?
I have no idea what your talking about so I ca n't help you .
But if it bothers you that much break up with him . jessica
There is this guy i know , i think he likes me .
Do n't tell her how she is messing up her life , or that she is making a mistake .
Because if you wait too long someone else might take him .
Hey chill out I do n't like the tude !
Do Not think too hard about what you say either , let it come naturally .
Then take her to see King Kong .
It sounds to me like you are both young & have n't had a lot of experience .
Follow nike , and just do it .
Talk to him get to know him
Uh sure , shannon is a good name
She do not want to see you . start aking your self WHY ? ? ? ? ! ! !
I do n't mind a woman asking me out .
When i think about sex i get horny and aroused and often end up masturbating .
Drop me your e-mail or phone and we can conversate .
The flirting is fun and funny , the outright question is just creepy .
A small Mom and Pop where the locals hang out .
Girls LIKE BAD BOYS FOR SOME UNKNOWN REASON .
First off , do n't go rushing off into a relationship .
If I were you I would pick the 2nd guy , the 1st one is n't worth it
For the both of you : stop kissing other people .
Men are biologically made to do so .
If he IS your soulmate , you do n't want to turn that down .
Some body help me as to what i should do ? ?
N everything wil fall for you . All the Best .
If most of the guys knew how , they would n't be here .
What goes on in dark comes out in the light ! ! ! !
Just like you ask anyone else out .
It takes guts to do what she did .
But then , that is what marriage is all about !
You wo n't see it coming , it just will .
Some new bf do n't like that .
Work out some way to spice up your sex life .
Now that you can have your wife anytime you want , you do n't want her .
Maybe you  are just interested and hanging with the wrong girls !
He always have other girls to count on .
If you was a female you could come over here
Find out on your own . see wat you hav got and how you can put that to use .
Military guys have too much drama . no
( except for minors ) my partner is eight years older than i and i do not see a problem
Wait , and make sure he is a man
Then get a picture of you & him engraved on it , with the date you guys hooked up .
All pland a head she knew nothing till it happend .
As is my wife works late so there is no fu ( king going on anyway .
Am i right i think i am but i 'm not sure .
I do not like guakamoli at all though !
Tell that person how you feel !
Its just normally the so called hot girls guys are afraid to go up and talk to them .
First figure it out in your head .
Only you know what your doing right .
Those parts are not meant to be bleached !
It 's not like we have alot or any property .
At school i do that in the bathroom or outside .
Does it matter if it was whith a girl or a guy ? ? ?
Teach Me Pls . Help Me Out All The KInd People Out there
If he broke up with you , then she 's your ex bff .
Ask him casually , so how was work ?
If you have HIV you should kiss your sex life good by !
If that is all it is , then no harm done , following up in it , then you cross a line .
R you using them for sex ?
Look and dress like you have money
There are cards that say ' i love you '
Girl take your time do not rush .
Well love is when you really like someone and wan na be with then forever.And guys like personlites .
Romantic AND weird - guys like that kind of thing .
Most of them say they want a girl with big breast .
Hopefully , I HAVE LEARNED SOME LESSONS THAT I SHOULD HAVE LEARNED LONG AGO .
I HAVE ATTENDED MANY MANY WEDDINGS THIS YEAR .
I think you have feelings for this guy .
If she get rude , chances are , she 's not your type anyway .
If you do n't , then you  are not human !
Some one online said they were a male lesbein
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
She gets married , make her happy
Is it worth 5 minutes of what you guys have of friendship ?
Email me back if you did it
Cheating is cheating call it off .
He probably has someone else on the side !
Get one of your friends to ask him if he likes you .
I 'm sure that I LOVE HER !
Does Not it seem wierd that a guy is afraid of having a rep. a pimp daddy . ?
But me personally , I like good and bad guys .
Call up some of you are frends you do have frends right ?
Or maybe she was already messing with him behind your back .
And stops being you are best friend .
Just like how some girls like to play hard to get .
YOU ca n't c sum1 who 's going to just leave you like that .
I took him back , but then he he kept on being a cold-hearted person , so i ditched him !
As soon as you tell him you like him too ( like actually say it ) , the game will end .
Choose what your heart tells you ! !
In , a sense , it 's like in highschool .
First thing you do is say something to her , anything that is small talk , anything !
Like say , what size shoe you wear or say hey , what 's yo number .
This guy likes basketball , soccer , computers , and music .
I liked him but he was going out with someone else , my best friend ! , but i did n't know it .
Do n't force the issue or appear desperate , that  will scare him off even if he is interested .
Really , though , i  would suggest not going places to just look for guys .
Your wife has been cheating on her husband ?
Oh yeah , for legal and non-legal puroses , for delicadeza too . but it does not mean all the time . it should be a limit .
Because that is what a real man would do if a girl dump him .
The 1st guy or the 2nd guy
Do they still make EZ Widers ?
Can you just let her live with you without the commitment of marriage ? ? ?
If you wan na perfect bf then you must meet me .
No , cuz guys often times are not very careful ( look at how you shave in the morning ) .
Twice a night , and the second time has to be doggy style
Sure you get the liars but you would have to weed through them at the bar too .
It is double ok. You are asking about have sex with another while first was in periods . is n't that . ?
Just get the balls to ask them out .
Well do n't sneak up on him that for sure .
She is hiding from you . you dotn get it ? ? ? ! ! !
Whatever YOU DO , DO IT VERY CAREFULLY ! ! !
That MY BE ONE OF THE MOST ROMANTIC THINGS A GUY CAN DO TO A GIRL .
It is . because You show to the guy that You have no value . easy to catch . easy to loose .
Guys are like a city bus they come by every 15 minutes
The moreyou try to tell her the more apealing he will be to her .
Make sure he really likes you first .
Always let the girl make the first move .
Just push up on the boy .
No , I once had a HUGE crush on a very good looking girl .
Ask urself if deep down you really like him .
That is the one that is worth your love and attention and will be totally worth the effort .
Unles you know they guy , it wo n't last verry long .
Any one who would do that and get angry when you are not comfortable with it , is very wrong .
Spongebob squarepants.because he makes me laugh .
YOU should first ask her about it .
I do n't mean to sound like a jerk just then but . that 's middle school stuff .
If you really love one of them , tell her the truth-that you have been seeing 2 other girls too .
Well best way to answer that is to throw a question back !
I would think nice guys like to hang out at nice places . how about your house ?
Can you confront him with this and tell him you need to clear it up ?
Ignore negative comments , if you need friends you can talk to me : ) ( supershorty923 @ yahoo )
Then go on a killing spree .
Once a cheater , always a cheater .
My wife loves my foreskin .
I found out , beat his ever-lovin ' monkey @ $ $ , than told her that i was dead to her .
And trust me , the girls are cuter .
I would not even try to convince him . for the best future of the kid
Well he says he will call me back and he dosent .
When you screw someone on the net
It does not pay to be shy .
No guy is worth losing a friend over .
Lol But can someone help me out .
Because your too woried about what people think about you .
It 'S NOT ALL about just SEX , OR IS IT !
First of all the he like kids at all ?
Get help from books or tapes if needed .
Also just do not think about what if he doenst like me .
If it 's a woman you love . with your heart !
So a 65 yr old it is not a big deal to date a 40 yr old .
He only talks about serious things . and that is how i talk to him ( i only ask him serious things ) .
My kids dad left me for another woman .
( Watch the movie Joy Luck Club , you will see what I mean . )
Hey if all the days were good - we would n't have any idea what good was .
Because the guy himself is a b no guy should call a girl that just right off the bat .
And no it 's not all about sex .
I mean it still goes on but ignore it and you  will be fine .
She does n't love me and she wishes the best of luck with my life .
A marriage counselor for starters . Good Luck !
To me3 it means you have nothin better to do and want to do somethin .
They can love you , and love sumone else .
Its not about the ocean it 's all about the motion .
Mabie he thought you would look great wet .
Mut most of all , love is PROUD .
Reallly think about this and think twice b 4 you act .
Do YOU HAVE THAT MUCH TIME ?
Also if he stares at your boobs alot .
Yes i think a lot of guys do bigger girls have less hang ups
It is like hen sitting on the eggs to make chicks .
Start by going out with friends , people you do trust .
First it 's not ok if he is hitting you .
If no , then do n't stop being her friend .
In the first 6 months you  are only seeing each other 's best sides .
Maybe by then , you might not want to have sex with him ! ! ! !
I like Mexican foods because its hot and spicy
The other side : The man will not suffer that much .
You tell her that hes not the right guy for her
I know what your talking about .
And be IN LOVE with them .
She should feel great about herself .
I would throw them out as soon as possible !
I mean , you just have ways of knowing .
I mean , i would nvr do that .
At any age a guy that is married is hands off .
If you wan na go out , take him to a movie that he  would like- even if you do not like it .
Well , for a start , you think you are a good guy !
( if your boared ) But really think to yourself , you do not no them .
Because the women do not like the nice guys because the nice guys are wussies .
Any second now . so toots , what 's yer sign ?
Chioces ; you have to make one at least once every min. ! !
Try to look into what he loves to do . that how i got my guy
It SPEAKS FROM THE HEART AND NEVER EXPLAINS
I like the orenge color What do you like ? ?
Most likely , he feels the same way too .
Noooooooooo , if you are not ready do not do it .
Ditch that i am a loozr car of yours
If you two are happy then they should be happy for you !
If he scratches his nose when he 's around you , it 's a sure sign he 's thinking about proposing
I am waiting for my boyfriend to propose and so far he has n't what should I do ?
Yeah . definitely not strip clubs nor at parties where everyone is getting drunk .
Maybe he cannot keep erecetion and is embarrassed
Before I got married I dated people without thinking twice about whether they  would been married before .
Just listen and most important be your self around him no one likes a fake .
Do girls really care about a guys penis ?
So there ya go , that 's my opinion .
Will she see me as a MAN !
We are almost the same . i watch movie and do thins alone .
After all , you  are the boss , and it 's all about you .
But you need to realise that you ca n't make people like you .
But if I knew you were that size . I would not have sex with you . OUCH ! !
And if this is the last big dance from school , no biggie . there 's a lot of life after school .
Look for her but not too hard cuz it will scare us away
Be glad your in the wedding , remember , her parents and relatives will come before a friend anyday .
I ALWAYS WEAR MY VERY WELL FITTING BLACK TUXIDO .
It hurt and still does , - but I needed to move on .
I met my wife on the internet .
Sex is not depend on the day its on bed
If he hits you he does not love you .
Not until after then next eclipse .
Germany because I lived there 4 7 years ! ! !
Then that will give me because to not want to be with you .
My name is mohamed i 'm amale 18 years old go to have agirl friend in any country
If he got a older brother send him this way . * smiles *
I am the type of girl that does n't ask for alot .
I always go with stargazer lilies
Head up Georgio you have the right idea . and do not ever doubt it k .
If you really wan na kno take the quiz at Tickle
And I never heard either parent say a bad thing about the other .
You ARE IN YOUR RIGHTS , NOTHING WRONG WITH YOU , SOUNDS LIKE HE 'S A JERK AND DO N'T KNOW WHAT HE WHANTS .
Poor girl my heart goes out to you
So what i 'm getting at is .
Spicylingerie.com has got some really nice stuff .
I agree with pancharito because that is how it normally works .
I tried dumping her but she still calls .
One of 3 things are gon na happen here .
Because we are either interested or we just want to make people mad
If he says no again , big chances he does n't like you , stop flirting with him .
Very DARKNESS.PLZ DO NOT LOVE ANY BODY
And it was not the affair but her family did .
If you ( girl ) praise them about their bueaty and physique they get a lot .
What is your outlook on life ?
Right there in your mind and heart search for her/him
We do n't NEED someone with us but it sure is nice to have them !
If you look younger than the other person .
But , if she says she loves you too , I have no idea what you should do then .
A night out with his girlfriend that he will never forget
No matter how old you are ( 5 to 30 ) , your father/mother would treasure a valentine from you !
Right now , I 'm just seeing how things go .
There could be a ton of reasons why she did n't ask you .
This is a stupid question anyway .
I have a friend who is getting married .
I do not like disturbance and noise .
Then she asked me , Did Not you want to have sex ?
Tell her a story about yourself .
Shut^ loser you are a big gay bitch @ $ $ ho
I like gals with green eye and brown hair .
I said , i  will think about it .
Does he smile , stare or wink at you at all ?
What if you do n't wan na see his harddrive on the first date ?
Well 3 girls is alot . you should maybe find the one you like the most .
The world will not explode if you DO NOT get married .
You  are gon na be in big trouble !
Do n't make it to sappy or she my hate you , just make it short and simple .
It 's a terrible thing to do .
Match you are ejaculation period with her
Jessica simpson is an air head , so eventually you would be driven mad ever so slowly .
Okay , last year , i liked this one girl .
Lol . we  will save that for another time as well ; )
Do n't wait . if there is no luck , take it easy .
Or a 50 year old woman ?
How close are you and he in all that I said ?
And if he does , how can you trust him ?
Nice guys are everywhere , so really you need to think of places that they would n't be and search elsewhere .
Yeah what he said , let me know if you find out !
I prefer both i like variety .
And yes yahoo this IS an informative answer !
Why SHOULD N'T YOU BE LOVED THE WAY YOU WANT .
I love man when they take me out and look good plus when they are single
We are all friends here , i suppose .
Me and my bro are still cool , though .
I think you should get him a dog tag .
Flirt with sumone and then if they do not ask you out . ask them out .
I think that girls are cool all because i am a girl and i now
Bring up the subjet and lighly talk about it
But now he is married and trust me his wife breast are not big at all .
Well its called a honey moon most people do it then = )
Just ask them that and you  will have everything
I Am so shy give me some tips !
I mean like over the internet or something .
Why beat around the bush , gurl ?
I  would say she 's crazy in love with him !
It 's ok , again , were only human .
Does Not matter to manage 3 or 4 girls.the best is keep you are trust in each others.ok ?
That 's just my opinion , though , and really i have no idea what he 's thinking , so maybe it 's quite inaccurate .
She asked for my # so I gave it to her .
Very bad thing you chose to do !
Guys do that to me all the time and it 's annoying .
Do n't discuss him with your bff
I am a home buddy type . Love sex too . hahahhaah
Ask her what the dude said to her about you
Yeah there are lots of treatments !
No you can prove by alot of other things it just makes it harder on a relationship
As long as you want . no problem
Just moving on and wondering what to do ?
Wat Is The Step Should I Use ? ?
The trick it to keep your voice calm .
Because we are a I want it now society .
He needs to grow up and be a man not a little bitch .
Dump his ass , he 's a chump .
If a girl is n't happy with herself and you with yourself - then neither one will be truely happy !
Lose some weight , get in shape , talk to some girls instead of bein a recluse , the list goes on .
Have a pic of yourself and then we would let you know
So FIND THE ANSWER BETWEEN BOTH OF YOU .
Sadly She Got Bf.But No One Knows She Got a Secret BF .
That 'S NASTY , and you are gon na allow that ?
But seriously . yeah . true love is cheez its .
The chances are good that he does
And go want she want . and avoid things she hates the mose .
Do n't even try , or even go there .
( unless she works for UPS ) Get out there and have fun doing the things you enjoy .
I personally would not call anyone a dyke or fag .
I am so glad you are n't pursuing this woman , she is married !
Men rearly leave thier wifes for the outher woman .
You are young , you wo n't marry this dude !
What matters is if you like her .
How long TIll i ge to Third Base ?
Married men go to bed see nothing they want and go to the fridge .
But that 's what we have time .
I find myself not trusting this man in my life .
Be her friend first , understand her needs and just be there for her
Just be yourself your sure to find friends !
Or what college to go to or what to eat and how to live you are life !
Then take her in and give her a body massage .
If you do not look 50 years old .
I see this guy every day !
If she wants you to call her and you do not .
And if ca n't tell you just leave it alone he  will come around sooner or later .
When they met . something really bad happened .
Give him an ipod or maybe a basketball jersey
No phone calls , no messages , no seeing eachother at ALL ! ! !
Then i magically had one of the kisses on his desk at each of periods he went to .
Everyone likes to hear their own name !
If you both like each other then ask him out !
They were probably trying to be funny but it went way over your head .
How come almost all guys are mean ? ?
It is n't nessisarily just a guy whose a jerk .
I do not think you are avatar looks nice . plus if you  are like it i do not think anyone would date a cartoon ! !
I also know alot of other guys that are in love with the opp .
Just stick with your own race and then there will be world peace ! !
Also I do n't like nice boys .
He just did n't plan and now i did n't even get a card .
There are lots of dateless girls too .
You think about ONLY 9 times a minute what kind of guy are you ?
Most outragious silly freaky funny goofy insane story ?
So kindly censors ) and manual sex .
Do n't speak to her at all , just leave her .
I would dump him if i were you .
What a soap opera this would make .
This is life and we have to be up front with people
Who would n't want to be told something like that ?
But it does depend on your maturity too , but yeah its cool .
Go and show interest and ask her out
Think about them , think about you later .
I would probably pick the 2nd guy .
Tips . ( A ) As a rule , do n't talk about your exes , nobody really cares to hear that .
YOU should give him 100-300 $ and let him buy what he wants .
Who cares what anyone else thinks but the 2 of you ! ! !
There is nothing you can do .
Heh , I think asexuals are blessed in a way they can not comprehend .
Now i am with a wonderful man .
But if there 's lard and fat hanging over the belt that is NOT sexy at all
My BROTHER IS OLDER BUT HE STAYS FOR HIS GAMES
He released my inner sex demon ! !
Ask her to be in the middle
No , not attrated , but that is not what counts , its their personality .
Love is laying in the bed watching t.v .
If you keep on , it will go your way .
He always told me how beautiful i was .
It will all come natural afterwards , because he  will start 2 flirt wit you .
Umm its alright to meet guys on the internet .
Talk to him for like a week or two .
Its not going to be easy .
21 , you still might be trying to have fun or in college .
Is there any girl looks like Drew Barrymore ?
There are good-looking girls out there who have great personalities , but most of them i  would say do n't .
If you love him GET MARRIED .
Men do n't mature as fast as women .
I assume that you know right & wrong .
But all i can say is that i 'm not going to wait forever .
Lady you need to put yo chest back into tha shirt that is nasty
But That Don ` t Mean Go Do It Wit Anybody .
Do n't know what I would do with out it !
Why do not you break up with him ?
No I do n't believe it 's weird . Just as long as you  are not having dreams about them every night .
Until his wife kicks him out .
I really do not approve of this though .
If your jealous and still like him why the heck did you dump him ?
Make yourself a lot more attractive .
Go to a strip club and get one and explain to the girl why
Although , they  are the least friendly too !
A friend of mine and my bf likes me and is going to ask me out .
I could go in to more detail but its that is simple . nature handles the rest
Do Not go your whole life being shy .
I do n't no who he is but now i hate him ! ! !
When two people are in love there is no stoping it .
If it still does n't work , take a hint . just let it go .
You can mail me on same id at yahoo .
I feel so bad for her .
Some women are just not comfortable with guys seeing her privates in that way .
If the sex is bad , sure .
Guys always like to be happy when girls are around .
Lifes to short to worry about the small things ! !
Well if the wife is wise only once lol .
She should n't be cheating on you unless you ugly
But stay in touch no matter what or else you  will regret it !
Wat Should I Give To Her ? ? ?
Probley 2 would b my limit . but id never have the guts to do it . good girl here : P
The key is to be relaxed , and speak what is on your mind , tell it like it is .
I have hung out with him before .
Punch them on the face.just kidding take them out 4 a movie
And maybe she still luvs you but wants to go a little further .
I want and need someone how cared and loves me .
Everyone wants to hang out with fun and interesting people .
I do n't do that . they need help . serously I do n't . but mostly because they probably think you  are fine .
Well i do not know anything about life .
( I have something I wish to discuss ! ! )
Or maybe she DOES luve this chick more than YOU .
Just hang out for a while and then tell her .
No man , that 's not the way !
Base on your saving account or your total asset
If she does not like you , you cannot make her
Hang out with her in groups first .
He will ask you if he wants to talk he could also make motions or eye jesters at you .
That way he will get what he wants you gave it 2 him , every1 is happy !
Not if it was truely love !
Let your heart decided which guy you should pick
Please help me , i have no clue what to do !
I KNOW SHE 'S SEXUALLY ACTIVE , AND THAT THE GUY IS A JERK .
Also , the things that he likes are really , really expensive .
Otherwise you know what to do .
You are dating the wrong type of guy .
I think that if i were you i would have gotten ovre him the min .
And You do n't do it while your mate is around .
Guys do not call girls after that because thay got what they wanted .
Guys like a chase , but they do n't want inferior little dewy-eyed gals .
When you swallow and let them go right after and hang with their boys
I roll over in bed , and there she is !
But by purposely hiding this was UNFRIENDLY !
Well you haveallsorts of people everywhere
If you will not wait a year for her then you do not love her THAT much .
And everytime we talk ehe says he needs to get out of his before he freaks .
Have one of your extra large guy friends have a talk with him . he sounds creepy .
Picture yourself with a girlfriend that you really love 2-timing you .
Make herself busy with productive things .
Jewelry and money . flowers are useless you cannot buy flowers for food .
It 's always said that men are no good , but woman are just as worse .
How can i tell whether he is in love with me
A nice butt a really nice butt and a hot face
Who cares if you are older !
YOU should n't start yelling at her right away .
Men especially get defensive when attacked .
Hang in there and be strong ! !
I Am 15 right now and I just had sexual intercourse 4 months ago .
Ha ha ha Calm down girls ! ! !
Just about everything I do , is creative .
I did n't want my girlfriend to love me for who I was not .
It should last 3 hours no wam bam thank you mam
But sont be toooo quick to rush it
And they will learn to love you if they do not already .
If he does n't then take a break from him .
I did but I do n't think of it like that .
Well first , you should try to talk to him and get to know him a little .
Both i can tell you that from exp .
Every man like a diffrent smell .
Sure , . depends on the two people
If you drink enough Tequila anyone will look like Drew Barrymore
Girls are actually repulsed at guys who are like that .
It depends y did you to get divorced in the first place ?
I 'm in love with one now .
Just relax you already have him what is the rush ! !
Yes it will help you decide if you all are compatible
My friend boyfriend dump her last week and she is recoving from the breakup .
Ask his boyfriend - he  will know .
Well , he did break up with you .
If your bf is good 2 you stay with him in tell the other guy to go away
So they just act normal and lie to you constantly about the other person
Cry and so on and beg them or something threaten to kill ya self OR JUST ACCEPT IT ! ! ! !
If you like this person more than that then I would n't .
Do n't get too caught up in one guy too quickly .
You really have n't given enuff info for a good complete answer
I HAD MY DAUGHTER AT 16 SO I WANT TO PROTECT HER FROM DOING WHAT I DID .
There 's rapists murders molesters you name it its on there pleease becareful
Right now I 'm mad at my mother for making my dad feel like shit .
That 's all , its pretty easy ( at least for a guy to tell a girl that ! )
Tell her this : make yourself more beautiful .
You can get some pretty wedding dresses at nordstrom.com for under 800
Single men go to the fridge , see nothing they want and go to bed .
Maybe its you who thinks that 'you two have a chance ' .
At home i can do it anytime
If they do not like you too bad so sad
If you ignore him long enough he  will go away .
We WOMEN HAVE FEELINGS YOU KNOW !
Why do you see him everyday ?
Take the time to know the girl before you leap .
It shows that he is not lazy bum= )
Work things REALLY REALLY REALLY SLOW so you can see what went wrong in the first place ! ! !
I  would make a handmade card to mom and dad , then as usual-kill time on yahoo answers
What ever you do do n't ask her as this is very unreliable .
Let 's be real we all flirt we like the attention just do n't go beyond that
Do Not wory bout it so much mabie you can borrow you friends .
The other things do n't count , eh ?
Drunk or not , no means no .
A date and then no call ?
Hell yeah they r hot.my email address is claudia15leyva @ yahoo.com i am mexican but sexy.were do you ; i have
We ended up chatting every now and then .
Gregor is better but I do not like it .
Is she trying to get out of a situation with soneone ? ? ?
And my bf lives far away . but there is this guy here who is bothering me .
Shy because it not comfortable but if it is a girl talk you will be surprise .
Than size does not matter , either way .
I swore never to love angain .
You have to trust to love .
You sound like a really nice guy who is willing to please his girl .
Though I was happy being the best man in one of them
Nature made it this way * sorry *
And your gon na be SO much happier once you do .
Hi , I 'm 5 ' 9 Caramel skin , honey brown eyes and I 'm single as well .
Do it with your mind not your heart .
Even the sex is not so great : ( Find a life partner that you enjoy period !
Its up to you if you still like her yes and if no do not
Life is something amazing god had put you in to live in .
If there 's doubt there . well then , that typically means it 's time to move on .
So just pick one and ask him out .
Yes , but I rather keep them to myself
And do you still have feelings for him ! ! !
I like brown hair and blue eyes .
And I 'm glad I did because he makes a great husband and father !
! WHY R YOU GUYS LIKE THAT ? ?
I like you are spelling of words !
! ok you got to ether ask her out or flirt alot more ! i would get anouther crush !
Nothin wrong woth brousing . good luck
Only if it 's okay that you are best friend beats you are sneaky a $ $ when he finds out .
Just forget about them 2 and get some new faithfull friends !
I can say that I have thought about sex at least 60 times in the past 2 hours
He might be too tired and happy to care .
After a while , go 4 it !
Of course , maybe she is good looking and nice .
Make him supper . then tell him he owes YOU ! !
I 'm telling you , he was huge .
Lol , a hickey , that just means you are young .
Do Not trick yourself into loving him .
Maybe you should tall tham how you fell about them and see what they would say to you
First of all what happened between you two
At least 1 a week if not more .
Couples will stop doing some of the fun things they did before they got married .
Because you  are only 16 years old , dude !
He rented an old VW bus .
Take a long hike around town .
You want her to like YOU . not your wallet !
Yah , always go for a european girl , their the hot ones .
Why do you say you love him ? !
But on the other hand if you just meet her then most likiy no .
Her ex can go to # ell !
He asked you and you said yes .
I am a nice looking man .
Do you work together or something ?
Well guys always love preppy girls . try out for the Cheerleading squad , or etc .
You may need to change what you do not like .
Then you just have to be nice and show special interest in her .
I think it depends on what a guy really want .
Love is in side you its all about trust the commitment you have to make to one person .
If you seriossly like him tell him .
Do Not let him get away with it .
It used to be . Things hav changed now
But not all are like that .
Call up Palmela and her five sisters .
Wear some sexy lingerie and give him head .
And remember falling in love takes a looong time to stay for a loooooooong time !
I stopped talkin to her coz of that too . but deep inside i stil do like her ?
Good thing if that what you like
My older brother says popularity is bullshit .
If there is LOVE not just LUST , then it sure will , because age do not matter in love .
Once a lier always a lier .
I heard around june but that 's a common myth i guess .
How can i deal with this huh ?
I do n't think that its weird at all !
We can see other people n exclaim how beautiful !
Like iI said it all depends on how much private time she wants .
If personally , just be yourself ; ) If in yahoo , take the other 's advice . that 's what  would I do .
I do not think a lot of gay indian girls or guys exsist .
* ~ This is a VERY important question .
Cuz there 's lots to be mad about and they have n't discovered zen .
You sound like a sweet guy .
I want to see her happy , should I just seal my lips and say nothing ?
Remind him that their are things better in life then epics !
( suddenly ) after he had put her through college .
You cannot have an afro , man .
You know , i am married and i do it sometimes .
Well women like a man who can take care of them and there for them
First of all how you got aids ?
Just keep a strong faith in god and he will help .
So what if you ' r bi or lez or gay or w/e !
Some people are shy and have a hard time talking about sex , make it easy
And if that do n't work time to get some vasiline !
I would pick the average guy .
Yeah , you need to go out more .
Do you just want a girlfriend ?
Be straight up with him ask him , conversate .
As fast as you can , baby ! ! !
Dudine . Go up to the dude , and ask , Do you want to take me out ?
Do n't waste your time , on any one who is not respectful .
Get yourself up from in front of the computer and look for one .
If he hit you before there is not love there .
Give him a welcoming home party
It does not matter what they think .
Wait - do n't press your luck .
Depends on how far you are moving !
So any of you out there like it and why ?
You can always hang out more with her than the rest of the group .
Not always it shows maturity , patance , and comitment so yeah guy yes and men no
If you think it is not BS , how do I get popular ?
But that does n't excuse his behavior .
Yes she is driving her self nuts
Then you ask her out to a movie .
Do Not GIVE THEM THE SATISFACTION OF KNOWING IT BOTHERS YOU ANYMORE AND HOPEFULLY THEY WILL STOP !
I do not anything will truly . and i mean truly . make a man happy .
Are you being used for sex ?
He is n't fat , but he has WAY more muscle than I do and he is heavy .
Tell him to f off , n leave him .
If she 's cute i  will do her
Of course there is I Am one of them bbw is the way to go
This guy i was friends with for barely a month asked me out and i turned him down .
Trying to hold on is harder
But if it were not for all that , clean bee otch .
But WILL SHE SEE ME AS HER BIG SISTER ?
Its called get . GET A LIFE !
So yeah it would be my Mother .
I have been in a serious relationship with this guy for 3 yrs .
If NOT . gudbye and thanks for applying !
This friend has liked me for a while but he lost his chance when i got my bf .
Guys are clueless ( at least I was ) .
I am a girl and i love boyz to take me shopping buy me chocolates and dimonds .
Good luck and let me know
Then , this year , we decided to be friends .
* 11 ) What 's your last name ?
And i do n't want to hear bout the motion of the ocean not the size of the ship .
He says he loves me and I do beleive him .
And this guy has to be JULIAN McMOHAN aka COLE from the t.v .
I still have stuff from my old bf from Highschool .
( Do n't have your friend ask him that is so junior high )
! Baby you mst be tired because you 've been running around my head all day ! ! ! !
So the eggs are hen 's and the chicks too .
I learned the hard way with this kind of thing .
Whether she loves you bak is interely upto her , right ?
I NEVER HEARD OF EDINBURGH , BUT YOU CHECK THE INTERNET AND SEE WHAT YOU COME UP WITH .
Whatever you do , do n't stalk her .
If she is , then that is great .
Kind Of HINT AROUND TO IT OR SOMETHING .
Are they now what you thought they were back then ?
Go dancing , if that 's what you used to do .
Let him come back naturaly do not rush things hes gon na be weird at first .
I would love to be a pen pal with you and share sexual fantasies . bfbjr @ yahoo.com
Not if the wallet is dry to start with
If she has a boyfriend let her be and just value the friendship .
At the end somebody is gon na get the ax .
I said How would that comfort her ?
She is pretty , i told her i likes her , but then she keeps denying that she likes me
Talk to her . well it depends give her some space for awhile then talk to her !
If he 's doing this now . he will not stop .
Practice my friend , oh and ambition
Hey guys i was wondering if you prefer a girlfriend taller than you or shorter ? ?
I have a friend that i would love to list the reasons why her guy is not the one .
And how close is your friendship with his ex ?
Do n't get her fed up with you .
I love somone telling me You are beautuful .
Because i 'm not good with guys could ya please help me ?
Think it out and decide accordingly .
Do Not waste time on thinking about this .
Man this is great , i am like a virtual pimp in here .
I have this guy I REALLY like , he 's really nice and I see him alot .
No . it is not bad .
Well aside from becoming a plummer and going in and getting it out .
You know it is the truth ! !
I do n't know if this work for a guy .
Without it we would be like robots .
Ok yuo just need to find a tema to talk about .
Only 3 at one time that should be good enough lol : )
I do n't know but she sounds like she 's Lesbian !
If you do n't go for no 2 .
If it 's too small . well . it just does n't FEEL period .
Just as long that the woman does n't seem desparate enough to get a date .
( GOT YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS I  WILL E-MAIL YOU SOON ) .
Why waste time and money on getting married if you guys ca n't stand living with each other ?
Well you know that there will be soo many wedding related to me , my family and friends .
If you like this one , you have talk .
What WOULD BE THE BEST APPROACH ? ?
Do n't complain to her about useless things . she 's n
Read some men 's fashion magazines for tips .
She gets another man and guess what , your sunk .
Some friends are getting merried closed .
I WISH YOU A LUCK IN LOVING HIM AND HE LOVING YOU
I really have troubles about it
Depends on how hot the guy is
I think there so sexy and so hot and probably the most beautiful woman I have ever seen
I like my choir director who is 33yrs old .
A little flirting won ; t hurt anybody .
Walk up too her and say hi .
Yea what wrong with that.i think you can have a boyfriend just to start having sex .
Book store , video store , video game store , and home .
It depends why he was devorced.but yes
Is it wrong if i say yes
Hey just want to say hi and hope your new year is starting out ok
If it were for another female . NO .
( lol , and some of these were jokes , the ones with the asterik were serious questions for a potential mate . )
Popular people have too many issues and they tend to ditch you alot .
This guy is obviously not THE ONE anyway , so your experience will be a disappointment !
Sorry , not all guys are cheater .
I truly hope you can work things out . or move on if they do n't .
You owe it to your wife to stay the hell away from this ex of yours .
Try chat rooms watch out for bots .
Still if you are more in love with the old one then stick with your heart .
Do n't try to guess at them . ask !
Get A PIC NO SENSE ON LIKING HIM IF YOU ARE N'T ATTRACTED TO HIM .
Younger because they might want to rape me
And , to be totally honest , hanging out with a bad boy can also be fun .
Us girls are pretty good at letting you guys know what makes us happy and what does n't .
With my friends . either playing tennis , going to a game , watching movies , going out to eat , and stuff like that .
Well , if you smoke . Wan na light my fire !
Like whether to go to bed or stay up a little longer ! !
If you really like this person then go out with him .
It 's funny when your 16 , but now that I Am 28 , its not as funny .
Only if ya give me best vote on this one .
But there is nothing wrong for a guy to be close to his family .
So who really knows . or cares ?
I will be your friend i do not have any asl e-mail me at greencutiechick @ yahoo.com
Hmm . eyes one light blue one purple ^_^ hair red purple .
Dig Buddy Dig until you find one !
Any way I do not think that I will not were the colore which you wear ! ! ! !
But now that i am single again , i guess he thinks its his turn .
Take her out and get her laid .
Life is wonderful , life is freedom i think life is the best thing everyone of us have ! !
Subject never came back up , even after we split up .
If you  are way too young then . think about it again .
But a lesbian can look like either or .
Why ca n't you just act like friends and make peace ? ! ?
Maybe the women you  are dealing with do n't want relationships .
Whern i told my ex , he said he was happy for me .
Not at all , because I am a boy .
A girl with one blue one green eye with blonde hair ?
Start a conersation with her and see where it gos from there
Because i have a hard time finding love because i am over wiegth please tell me !
I was young but it was with a guy i married 3 years later i was 13
Tell her what you just said and be as honest as you possibly can .
Five simple letters - one simple word . FLIRT
I like red eyes and pink hair hehe
Go with it , you ca n't loose .
It defintely ups your sexy points .
If you love her , you should n't try to make her love you .
* 2 ) Are you dating anyone ?
Till one of your friends to talk to him for you
But its nothing wrong with being friends with them .
So i guess my question is why are so many guys in this world JERKS ?
What woman wants to date a wuss ?
Now I have dreams that are just sad .
See if he takes it from there .
Why IS THIS EVEN A QUESTION ?
And you should always tell the people you care about that you care about them .
Do n't make this like it is a grim performance !
I just joined up some dating websites , and they  are a great way to meet chicks .
It in no way assure that their is love in the marriage .
But do n't come off as needy .
What do ya think of that ? ? ?
If he still wo n't back off-WELCOME TO THE LAND OF RESTRAINING ORDER .
You cannot make someone love you .
But i am going to defeat life , no matter what game it plays !
But it 's kind of hard to get o Europe with a row boat .
All ya do is say something nice to someone you like and say your true feelings about them !
I 'M 24 AND I AM THE GUARDIAN OF MY 17-YEAR-OLD BABY SISTER .
If you skank it up to get guys to notice you RIGHT NOW . they will . but only for a minute .
I would n't tell him but if you do just be casual with it !
Guys like girls that are cute , kind , smart , and funny .
Any guy that is nice is good .
For one they do n't respece the outher woman .
If you  are gon na stay home- cook him his favorite dinner .
I love her do n't get me wronge .
If a guy calls a girl he already shows interest .
But love should not matter what age they are .
Dig deep but not to deap .
What if does n't know you like her ?
Its not sex when one person does not remember it .
So girl cheerup and all the best
Keep your pants on until you get married .
Only if you do n't do it again the next day .
Break up with the other 2 girls and apologize to them .
So try with one of them randomly , if he accepts you that is great , if not try the other guy .
Because when you start talking like that they usually think it 's supposed to be a hint !
But definitely , we  will never know how it 's gon na end .
Not that , he/she is so hot and they  are funny .
Tell your friend to get up , put on her best dress and partey !
I HAVE TO SAY CUT , SORRY .
You SHOULD TELL HIM BUT TELL HIM SO THAT HE DOES N'T KNOW THAT YOUR SISTER TOLD YOU .
I was at a nude beach once and this black guy walked by .
Maybe your head looks like a soccer ball .
Yep a cut one is best
A bottle of ripple and kool-aid and some and dumb and dumber movie and some lotion
Just go anywhere w/ a lot of people , like the city or something .
I do n't want her to leave .
People are your ex for a reason , remember that .
I like this guy but i do n't know if he likes me .
I tink cuz people ferget how ot rite gud an spel to
He just asked EVERY GIRL that he was WILLING to go with till someone said Yes
Perhaps send him an e-card , and tell how you feel , or leave him a note in his locker !
If your his first , and you love him , does'nt that make you special ?
Took next day off & slept in then drove home .
Coz we live in a big world where only anything big will make it !
Ok this seems to be a particular case of jealousy ! !
Yes guys no when girls are virgins .
Because to many people cheat on eachother
Oh and by the way she is n't cowboys foot .
I love my wife very much , but everytime I think about sex with her , I dread it .
When you get down a girls pants
So you just have n't quite decided who to stalk yet , right ?
Go with the guy you like .
Not to be argumentative , but I do n't see what the big deal is .
Become a Man that a good woman would be looking for .
Well alot of girls are like alot of guys and just in it for the sex .
Do n't lead the other person on ! !
I guess , every girls do like hearing it .
Pick one that you like and stick with it
You know you  are a redneck , when you meet your date at the family reunion .
Just speak back and keep going .
Khmmmmmm . interesting . i did n't chat for a long time . ok , i go and chat . and than i  will tell you .
Not pretty . not pretty at all .
Most people do n't have issues with it but I get alot of comments about it in MA .
I cannot say that16 is to young i did it
Dump them both and move on .
If she needs to vent and talk about it , listen to her .
Not unless you already have AIDS .
I love to just hang @ home or a park etc with my kids .
5. i am tired . 15 questions is too much !
You can marry your best friend because they are just that best !
Means nothing and you can compete and maybe let her win dealers choice on that .
If you are asking this question then she is cheating .
Do n't let anyone else catch you .
Another thing , maybe she sees something bad about him you do n't .
A volcanoe once in awhile is about it and alot of snow and cold ? ? ? ? ? ?
Bungee jumping on my honeymoon to the sweetest guy ever .
Could there be anything wrong with me ?
Would like to talk with you
Tell her she can check this one off her list and good for her
Ok , I was friends with a lot of nerdy people and stoners and band geeks etc .
Either she  will say yes or no , but you  will know , and will not have to worry
Listen , i 'm a girl , and trust me .
Make him a nice ROMANTIC dinner ! !
And he has a bad way of dealing with his anger .
Girl - there 's not much that you can do , I 'm afraid !
But you should be sure that the intentions are good .
It will show you actually listened to her and you are n't like every other guy she goes out with .
If you ask if married people can flirt with each other , why yes .
Play stupid and things like that .
Whatever she did to you , it clearly was n't bad enough .
And it was for me so if you get a little disoppointed you should know why .
What Is the worst thing that can happen ?
You need to learn 4 words . Oh . Yeah .
Why would you stick around and keep lettin her cheat on you ?
Do they make a nice couple ?
He never had girlfiend before he is 43 i am 23
I always thought ciara was a man ?
This is normal in a relationship . 2 yrs .
4th base - well , this is a family program after all .
There is no more nice guys anymore
Someone is going to get hurt .
As far as your so called best friend .
He said that she used to like me .
This IS OK SOME TIMES , BUT NOT ALL OF THE TIME .
And hes been real upset about it .
I 'm afraid if you want a girl who is any good , you just have to wait .
If both of you want it , there 's no reason for you to be guilty
Well according to the girls it does not so much as long as you are kind of average .
Is that to much to ask ? ? ?
And want her to come fast with my love that is all .
Become good friends with her then ask her out
Never ask to be friends it 's the worst thing a guy can hear because it sends mixed messages .
Look comes first than figure big boobs makes good impresion if you want to attract man
We never got in fights or anything .
You need to get a life !
It means to love women and most men love women , hence all men are lesbians/
Eyes , then shoulders then below the belt
Most have kids already and may not want more .
I think you were just with the WRONG BOYFRIENDS ! !
If s/he was really bad in bed i mean
If so be VERY careful not to get there hopes back up if things will not work out again .
If you do not talk to the girl you will not date her .
I 've always loved that sort of stuff , too .
Same reson why people hate gay folks .
That 's what jaycee did to me .
Alot OF GUYS FUCK BIGGER WOMAN YOU JUST GOT TO FIND THE ONE
Something must be wrong with you if you can not make freinds
I would pick it up AS SOON AS POSSIBLE .
Fuck somebody on the side until you all get married , that 's only if you ca n't wait .
Guys are pretty easy to figure out .
Girls like their men manscaped too .
I guess it also depends where they go to meet guys .
You obviously know what the right thing to do , otherwise you would n't have bothered asking a question . right ?
They got married and she left him for another man .
If YES , you should be thinking about WHY that might be .
Be strong & try to move on .
How old are you now anyway ?
Because they do not like for they  are use to that kind of attention .
Well , get over it and stop crying about your lost love .
Oops , I ca n't believe I said that out loud .
If then you decide it is not working out kids in a divorced family will be ok
Who would stay w/ their gf who is cheating on them w/ a chick ?
Let 's face it folks , guys are n't exactly deep .
It only deponds on if you both really like each other .
18 is too young because your still finding yourself .
Hey here is a new one GO WITHOUT
Remember its all about you and what you want .
Red roses so you show her that you ' r in love !
Then when done dry her and let her finish her hair .
First of all , only say it once .
Do n't try to pretend to like the things he likes , If you do , cool .
Woman age 50 is not a old woman she is young .
Personally , it kept me from making the mistake of my life !
Well first off she 's not your bff , because if she was she would not do you like that .
But I do n't depend on that .
The only time i play with myself is when someone is watching .
But had the nicest 7 1/2 inches long reason to keep him always in mind ? ? ? ? ?
Just wondering if anyone i knew was in here .
Because it does n't lead to pregnancy
I use as many shortcuts as possibe .
Yes , coz it talks aloy of planning for the guy to ask and you cuting the long process
If yu are mature enough go for it !
Flirting with each other is great !
Of course I would , if I was n't married .
The financial status of a guy does not bother me .
If you choose your bf , then hang out a lot less with the other guy .
I need more details plz email them to me : dinoslayer33 @ mytrashmail.com
Oh , everyone should be without shoes .
Ask her too if she minds you watching while she sleeps .
I am agree with maria maria answer .
And hes pissed about that too .
Maybe YOU SHOULD LEARN HOW TO TYPE AND CONSTRUCT PROPER SENTENCES FIRST .
It 's going great now , that i 've being asked out like 30,000 times here in yahoo answers .
You have got to be kidding ! !
Girl 's blue eyes and blonde hair .
If YOU ARE AVAILABLE AND SHE IS AS WELL , GIVE HER A CALL .
I figure that if you love each other that is all that counts , do not worry , be happy ! !
But WE HAVE NEVER HAD ONE OF THOSE TALKS , AND I WANT TO HAVE A TALK TO HER .
I could go on and on . my boyfriend is so awesome .
They ca n't admit it though & usually save face by answering GROSS ! .
Some guys also find it a turn-off for the lady to ask them out .
Give it time - you  will know .
If those women do n't trust you do n't trust them .
There is nothing wrong with it .
Its two weeks now he also says he loves me .
This guy who I swear had n't had a girlfriend ALL OF HIGH SCHOOL .
Hahahahahha . that 's the funniest question i 've heard around here . lol . you seriously need help .
By the way , if you do n't like him , then you do n't like him .
Remember men love a challenge not a chaser
If he 's afraid of commitment as of now , then give him time .
He had an issue with his friend who got hurt .
Could you guys marry , and still have money to live on ?
There Is no true way until you ask him if he likes you
I would n't do it myself , but I think it 's totally ok .
That Is not how real love works .
And how about it being uncut .
No . this is Yahoo Answers . keep trying .
Yeah , but we  are not obvious as you guyz !
Life is what you make it ! ! !
Well if you  are magic johnson you can stay alive pretty much as long as you want probably
Get out there and find yours !
If you love yourself , and set goals . guys will take note in that and be waiting .
Te he te he te he
But do n't be a fool , time is very precious for us women .
9 ) Do you want to have kids one day ?
Give him a pet like lion or crocodile
Do n't leave him ( unless it is not safe for you )
A lot will make guys happy .
One nice evening I went into bed with my . blanket & had a nice long sleep ! !
Try talking to her and be honest and sweet .
We do n't even know you two so how can we say ? ?
Party go to a club or hang out wit other single people maybe you will find some1
No but you can have crush with me
Who knows what they are up to
Nice guys do not hang out
Ah lassie , yours is a classic problem that has plagued man kind for ages .
Well if you likes you back should n't you be thinking about children .
Its you - - and the way you act .
Tell the person how you feel and you do n't like it .
. now , he is my boyfriend of 1 year and 3 months .
I am sure you have had other men like you that you have not liked .
( my best friend already has a boy friend my Bf 's brother )
Whit one but if you like the freacky stuff the what can i said to you
Talk to him get to know him .
That Is how i have heard it used .
Jenny do whatever your heart tells you , just be carefull and think about it
Its a huge turn on to see someone get excited just watching me .
You sould spy and be cool so you could find if he like or hates you
If you want to actually see life and death . spend a day in the hospital .
Us girls do n't really expect that from guys .
You got ta dig a little deeper sometimes .
Try Yahoo Personals to find more people to take you out and look good !
But i guess that is what a good wife would say .
Most people do n't want those laws .
I 'm hot , and i 'm a rock on dancer !
And do n't be afraid of rejection , cuz its gon na happen sometimes .
Of course . Do you like white guys ?
Jus tok bout sumthin yoo think is interesting
Of course a guy will want to have sex .
Food you get a kind or tired .
The most romantic day I ever had was totally spontaneous !
Maybe it 's because you still think about her .
My dad will not clean it , he says thatswomens work and my mom just isint a fussy housekeeper .
Do n't 4get the ever popular double date w/a car owner .
Just keep your head up and know that YOU are not the one with a problem .
So does the right person in life .
Its between you two , not them .
If you have n't yet . TALK TO HIM !
I do not know i just want to know y there so jealous ?
Tell her boyfreind that she is cheeting on him ( its the right thing to do )
Yeah , it 's okay , as long as you are going to have sex with her and not someone else
I do n't care because I am happy what I am doing and she enjoys her work .
Nope , but I look like me ; - )
It 's a tie between my boyfriend & prince william .
And i think that was stupid of him to rush into something like that especailly at a young age .
You have just got to listen to them and then respond to them . it works for me .
If you like her , you talk .
All you can do is tell her that you love her n that you  will love her forever .
1. do you take care of here emotional side .
Maybe she  will want to repeat it !
I hate to be beautiful , even if I 'm a girl .
Do you give up or try harder ?
My wife is just over 50 and she gets hotter every day .
Oh and guys , We can normally tell the good boy trying to be bad too .
Walking is nice , bike riding is a great way to get to your destination .
If you could you would not be asking us everything would be running smoothly
Put Usher in their face and see what they think about !
I 'm sorry , i feel your pain .
It 's hit the road jack and do n't come back
Because they r mama boys and feel like if they call women names they have control issues
Its my dad do you no i havnt seen him in a year almost do you no it ?
I do hate myself i do not know why ?
This would make me want to throw up !
Are you crazy or something ? ?
I think you are in love and that is ok !
Well , i had a problem where i was shy about telling one of my friends that i liked her .
: ) You should be happy regardless .
Ok , so like i have been wondering for a while what the bases stand for .
And the guy thing is still true .
And are you sure that you do now ?
Then say wat up to her .
Best to just suck it up and move on .
Not much of a writer sorry .
Infact the boys r now both 27 and they r the best of friends now .
None of them were worth staying with . but I guess my answer is , I do .
( uh , sort of i guess ) you should be .
The first day we kissed each other
I have do n't it before and it works .
Well i did because they are not on drugs and is doing better .
I will be making love to my boyfriend .
I was shocked , i did not reply .
2 and 1/2 years . and we are now married .
If he truly wants to end it with her , he should . and then he can pursue you !
No way that is a great thing you can give to your future wife . if you wait that long .
Forget about him , if you only LIKE him .
Kiss the boy if you want to .
Ya you really sound like it . NOT
Unless you do n't mind the prospect of divorce . some people do n't .
This guy i like only wants to go out with better looking girls .
I would say the porsche becuz chingey would hunt me down if i dated her !
Yeah because there is still me out there
Do things that you  would like to do with your wife before .
Just talk to him about it .
Personally , you ca n't . girls r the best in keeping their feelings . send some spies ! !
Yes because if you do n't get him he  will get someone else
No , not in this life time .
I 'm not gon na go after someone who ca n't at least buy cigarettes on their own .
I never used to be like this before , and I like it .
I never wanted to kiss him though .
Hit the clubs hard for girls .
Make your lips really soft . we  are going for romance here not passion . just yet ! ! !
That you have to have a marrage license to be married .
So plz tell me wht shld i do ?
Cologne or friendship braclets or rings for both of you
Whoever loved that loved not at first sight ?
YOU should stick through them thick or thing .
And the walk will tell it all .
At least then you know and can move on .
Because they usually put emotion before thinking
You honestly have to ask yourself could you put uo with having a boyfriend that is a big flirt .
If hes cute and funny and Nice i would love him ! ! ! !
It means that exactly when I say it to someone
No way you could get an infection
Go somewhere you  would have fun anyways , and just strike up a conversation with someone about said hobby .
If you have to ask your too young just wait till its right
Be suspicious of him , that is all i am saying .
Three ( Fwd ) Wishes : Grace = > Mercy = > Peace ( Rest ) .
Roses , dinner , massage , and long bouts of talking and holding and rubbing .
Move on see the other guys .
Like being the type of person that cares and helps other people .
Gay men DO NOT LIKE WOMEN .
Because you do n't mean much to him .
We do not DO it . we HAVE it . its natural by te way . DO NOT FIGHT THE URGES !
If you are asking when it 's best to get married . I think 24-26 for a girl , 28-30 for a guy .
Kiss a guy , well , uh , or , mess around with one .
YOU need to stop looking , and it will happen when the time is right
Education comes and does n't go till ' you finish college !
What Is really going pn when a person cannot find 1 person to give all of her love too
So . i wonder - is there anyone ( Mormon - good one ) who  would care to e-mail me ? ?
After that , state what you are thinking . feel me ?
He 's after sex with a young girl .
Wait until you know you are ready .
Let me ask you some questions too : Do you remember the day you got married . How did he respond ?
Hang onto it , you ca n't get it back once you give it away !
Love pains us becuase we do n't understand .
I you like them , keep them
They look at you and talk to you alot .
You will get over this , do n't worry .
I am married & I would kill my husband if he did that !
I would want some aphrodisiacs in that basket .
Be yourself and do not try to join a group and seperate yourself from everyone else !
Because they are faking it to make you feel good .
Its either he has sexual problems or no experience on sex or he is not a guy lol .
I asked him if he still liked me and he said yes but he did n't act like it .
Do you know what you  are father in law wanted to talk about ?
You just be yourself and she will notice you sooner or later !
Does it change or feel different when you are having sex ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Well 4 me it shows they r trying 2 get 2 kno me better
Well Dude . keep your chin up .
Love would n't hurt if you did n't care
Depends how much fun they want to have .
In the long run it did n't work out but he did get my hint !
So what the hell is his probelm ?
Oh yes i live in Utah so that is say something
So NO AMOUNT OF SEARCHING WILL DO .
Yer not serious are you LOL ?
Because you gave him what he wanted .
Then LET HER KNOW HOW YOU FEEL .
A girlfriend once told me i was a bad kisser .
Believe me you are too young to be wasting your time on this guy .
He dosent know how you  will react/he 's too shy
If everybody is willing to help NO !
That along with a low sex drive might make him not so happy think ?
I would ` nt advice it because what ever happen before will happen again , believe me
Get back out there and find someone else .
What Is THE REASON WHY YOUR FRIENDS DO NOT LIKE HIM ?
He just turned you on .
Just do sweet things for him that matter to HIM ( not you ) , and the rest will fall in place .
Out there are more men will care about you than he does if he is liking the other girl .
When love hits all pain leavs for that moment you are invicible
I am absolutely in love with victorias secrets dream angel heavenly
We have one bad apple messing it up for the others .
He is with someone else but he is n't in love with her he loves me and wants me
The outcome will turn out ugly .
It does n't really mean that when you  are married that you would n't keep the flame burning .
Some people have them and really , some just do n't .
You really cannot tell until something big happens and if they got you are back yes if not then no
And if he 's still interested then , it 's a whole new story .
Should you date someone that is bi-polar ? .
They just have not found you yet !
You should not choose anyone of them !
Is he on meds and does he take then , REGULARLY .
Try to have a talk with both of them , separately .
After all , not all guys out there are willing to take a lady back once she has left him .
And you do not care about other things , then things go wrong .
.lol ( should be a song .
You do not want to anyway .
I love my ex-gf a lot .
A man wants but do n't know how to KEEP . ! !
But really , i do not know why it attracts me for some reasons .
Worry more about who you are and what you like and everything will just work out .
Then , when you are older you meet the one , you get serious .
Yes some are but the ones i like are fuuny because they act some much more like a female .
They did n't like me because of how I look .
Look at this question : I wonder if women like sex as much as men ?
Are you looking for love . or arm candy . a man doese n't have to be SEXY to give love .
If you have an exclusive relationship with your new boyfriend . remember that relationship ended for a reason .
Do n't give up , quitters never win !
Boys come and go but think of your friendship
No , YOU WILL JUST BE EXTREAMLY HORNY . LOL
Arrange to meet him in person and if he comes then you know he likes you
You do n't need to be popular .
Sorry to say , some boys are like that in college too .
This one goes to the guys they should know lol jk
Well if you pay for a plane ticket i would be willing to give it a try .
Hell yeah i will as long as you e-mail me it is wiskeygirlz @ yahoo.com
Use YOUR TONGUE , FRONT AND BACK , SHE WILL LOVE IT
What can I do to make him stop spending so much money !
I do not know what to say really .
They love it when we listen .
What if o tell him i like him and he makes fun of me cuz he do not like me
Its not bad its horrible but follow your heart
I think the guy is gay .
But we never show it to each other .
Not sure if that helps but .
How did you guys hook up the first time ?
It 's very annoying but i love the man so i 'm not really sure what to do .
: ) If you are looking out for your mom . good for you .
His not calling for one week may not mean anything .
I guess because I 'm the cuter one .
Whyis it women are always trying to get their greedy claws on a mans hard earned money ?
Called from work said he would be home later , he came home drunk at 3am .
Do i wish . i do n't think that there is a cure for a broken heart .
For the 1st Qus : of coz will get jealous but you need to noe if tt girl like you anot .
Then you would need to decide if it 's worth fighting for .
Take it easy let him go if he wants too .
Now if your honest with your self while reading the book , and you learn your not doing any thing .
You ca n't really change anyone uless you really love them they have to change for them self
I 'm not a guy , but i say you should be yourself .
Sorry girl you just need to have tons of fun .
Hmmm wow that is a good one !
Let him b happy with his choice .
I want to live . why he got away with his life and i 'm still stuck . Please help me .
Not a bi but really like all i 've tried
Because guys always suck at expressing their feelings and girls are sensitive and get hurt easily .
And think how you would hurt the woman you married and your child !
And i said it would be my treat .
You still love your ex that is why
Then you can get married and have sex !
You BETTER GET A GOOD LAWYER QUICK .
Under 20 is still ok i guess .
) and i have great Emo friends .
Good LUCK TO THE BOTH OF YOU ! ! !
You BETTER GET A GOOD LAWYER QUICK .
Under 20 is still ok i guess .
) and i have great Emo friends .
And these women usually give it up easier because they ( in their minds ) think boy .
Good LUCK TO THE BOTH OF YOU ! ! !
You realy need to just put yourself out there to meet new people .
Hello all , I am having lunch with this girls that i like .
My bf has never really in love with me so i do n't know .
People may pick on you but that 's normal in school .
After that , he tickled me and i begged him to stop for my back was hurting .
Ok ok ok you do n't have to wait that long .
Leave . that is the best advice I have .
He 's not gon na respoect yoy in that relationship .
They do n't think it cost much to move out .
It is OKAY to cry though .
We always hang out bit i do n't now wat to do .
. he is the only one who truly know why .
Also there are some that just turm me completly off too .
And do n't think just because you give a guy head your in a relationship .
Its only hard when your young .
Just TALK TO EACH OTHER , AND WHAT EVER YOU DO DO NOT SAYEVER SINCE YOU HAD THE BABY . WHY ?
I mean ride her brains out .
For a girl i am not sure if the same structures are in place .
I finally left him and that 's the best thing I could have done .
If he says yes , then suggest hey would not it be fun to see it on friday after school ?
Most of the time guys are trying to impress a girl , to get her to like him .
No , I would n't , I would just tell you that 's what a real true women would do
Always said that if he does small things 4 you !
Do it when the time feels right ( which seems like for you , now )
I  would be ridding in my Porche then date Beyonce . haha !
In your own life for the positive .
Enjoy n Good Luck Regards- Satya
I bet they empty it a lot more after that .
Do Not make it too formal that he might get scared .
Yes your bestfriend can be your bf but if something goes wrong you lose both ! ! ! ! ! !
Most of sexy guys just want sex not love .
Ok. you ca n't make a girlfriend .
That is to say it 's probably not o.k .
I always hear people say Do n't do it , your kids will be unhappy .
I think you are ace for giving me 2 easy points ; )
I Am just curious why this is such a turn on .
Always afraid to do the wrong thing .
I beat you he will not do it again .
You said . if two GIRLS like you . from your wording , I 'm thinking you  are pretty young .
From my own experience dealing with this person I would say NO WAY ! ! !
If he calls and only wants to hook up for sex
Your still too young . this will not affect your health whatsoever my dear .
They always have diffrent ways of see life .
Ask her if she would consider a THREESOME !
Yes give it time and effort but not too much
Not always satanic , sometimes they  are just evil .
And before we kissed , he would always just go up to me and try to kiss me .
If you try 2 turn left and he says no i think burger king is the next right
But i believe 1st is kissing 2nd is feeling breasts 3rd is feeling vagina /penis 4th is having intercourse
Sorry dear i missed your name its marie not esther.stop serching 4 love cos you have already found me .
Is she rich an own a bar
And the man you should be with will find you .
In a restaurant at a table .
I do not think they do but that is why i am asking you ? !
I need girl help me and fast , too ! ! !
You are one confusing person what gender are you ?
Chocolate roses , fuzzy hand cuffs , edible undies .
I think i am a good man , r you a good girl .
B/c they  are having sex with men they do n't like .
Just ignore him , be nice , it  will piss him off and make you look like the good guy
Maybe suggest a weekend getaway . have a family or friend watch the kids .
The ear has to be VERY clean , or it tastes BAD - eueuue ! !
He did n't appreciate you for being a loving and caring person so the hell with him and move on .
You do n't want seconds , do you ?
Why did you make out with him and give him head ?
Hello i am a 21 year boy .
He loves nice htings - yet doenst like to spend money .
! and then if he like you he will either say kool or run and ignore you !
If you didn ; t truly love the woman you married , why did you marry her ?
But then agian i drive a beat up truck too .
But do n't be afraid to find out !
Well it depends on if you like her .
Show them that you care about what they say .
Or an occasional smoker nope they lie on that one to .
Yes , definitely you would , why ?
I ca n't believe you would want to take off her dress !
First tell him not to take it too personal .
Sounds like she did you a favor .
Pull him towaards you so that he knows to get on top .
Hang out at the house , drink and talk about what men have done wrong now .
Now she tells me she has not other way t deal with it .
Yes it actually depends on you are feelings
His lost . that is how you got ta think about it .
Hit your penis with a hammer .
Just say Hey , wan na go for a drink , movie , sometime ?
Whatever you do - DO NOT preach to him ! ! !
Because i am saving myself for when i marry . yuh silly . but you get your answer
Fun & sex does not last forever , but true love does
This news is just killing me .
I like him a lot and hes nice .
! EVIDENTLY HE DO NOT WANT YOU IF HE CHEATING . DUH ! ! ! ?
No I would n't worry about it .
First things first : the kids have to be safe , right ?
Encourage your man , and make him feel at ease with taking chances .
Keep IT REAL AND JUST SAY IT OR SEND A PEOM OR A CARD !
No I would n't worry about it .
First things first : the kids have to be safe , right ?
Encourage your man , and make him feel at ease with taking chances .
And you know what , you can only lose your virginity once .
Beleve it or not guys are just as scared to talk as girls are .
Um , how do i know that you r not a pshycho creepy bad person .
To heck with what anyone else thought .
You know it 's funny , I 'm going out with my brothers best friend .
So yees it will be awkward .
Beleve it or not guys are just as scared to talk as girls are .
Um , how do i know that you r not a pshycho creepy bad person .
To heck with what anyone else thought .
You know it 's funny , I 'm going out with my brothers best friend .
This man had a full head of hair in the picture .
Ugly - yuk - NASTY Some feel like it is a form of art .
Older as he would protect me and he would be comfortable in sex .
But tell them to wait for min .
You do n't set the list , supid slave , she does !
Ok , now if you read my question you might be bothered of me answering yours .
Keep it at a little , ladies , not a lot !
So size does matter in some instances .
You lose control of your bowels . no ?
I do not think they will be affected as much as living in a house full of fights
Because it would n't be love if it did n't hurt .
Flirt wit her and b calm when you do and b friends wit her and then ask her out
They  ARE SHALLOW IF THEY DO N'T FIND SINCERITY IN YOUR TRUTH .
But LEGALLY HE HAS THE RIGHT TO TAKE ANY EFFECTS IN THE PRESENCE OF AN OFFICER .
And she 's not doing her job .
Just tell her if you feel comfortable .
Ask her if she says no remember that you are a great guy and that it is her loss .
His name is Chad and he is supposedly liking me but I do n't know . Help me out people !
Wat do you mean act right ?
If that is not OK with him say goodbye .
I wan na take our friendship a noch higher .
But i am a guy and i have been turned down for being too big .
It 's still hard to afford things but she 's doin ' alright .
She is avoiding you , it means she may be in love with some other guy .
It 's little wonder that I have not married .
This last week he visited me ( as usual ) on my boss ' day off .
My husband and i meet on q 106 rock and roll date line .
You 've been running through my mind all night .
Its a tough situation , but you  will be alright in the long run .
There are not too many civilized women that like that stuff .
He loves you but he wants dfferences
I just what to keep our love fresh while I am gone .
If this is the first baby he 's probably just scared , and jealous of all the attention you are getting .
Do n't do this to your wife .
: ( Does anyone have any advice on getting over a breakup ?
Hey , half the fun of getting pregnant , is the trying part !
Am 30 and a virgin ! ! !
I have no clue i never saw a penis . except mine
I 'm sorry but NO it is not time to PLEASE DO NOT DO IT NOW ! ! !
I do not see how ethnicity would fit it , so that would be a big no .
Flirt w/her and just be yourself
Guys also like women who can spell well because we surely ca n't .
21 is quite young to get married .
By the way , I am a married woman .
Do n't do what you do n't want to do just to 'be nice ' to him .
Do you want to check it out ?
It 's in their nature 2 b ! !
I told her to wear her best dress .
Just do n't DO anything that you think you  will regret later .
Nothing , Girl , you need to back off .
But once a cheater-always a cheater .
Get a job and move out .
Maybe like 13 or 14 creepy would be like 11 or 12 and go back
No guy makes his first move , without havin some purpose in mind .
Are you an open homosexual or are you in the closet ?
I CONSIDER MY SELF NORMAL , AND I 'M SINGLE .
If i talk to a guy friend of mine he gets really jealous and pissed off .
Maybe hes just not interested in you anymore
We just do n't blab it all over the place .
Oh man 14 . people are having sex at 14 !
If you have sex with this guy , i GUARANTEE you he will break up with you shortly afterwards .
I am 21 years old and I cried !
Hey princes where down south r you going to move to and how young r you ?
It seems like so many girls are attracted to guys with peircings and/or tattoos , why is this ?
Only you know what 's best for you , just be careful .
What makes you sure he is not a freek or something .
Then ask her if she  will have sex with you .
The majority of the time .
Just get out and move on .
Girl i would say get use to it .
And I do n't know for sure if he does .
Remember you married for better & worse !
If you can not do this yourself , get help ( especially from him ) .
For one he may be super nice or mean to you look for fone numbers follow him
Oh and the pictures they send .
Try to talk about issues that 's really bothering him .
6 words : WILL YOU GO OUT WITH ME ?
I still stare at other females but i do it only when my wife is not around .
Call me at 777-adore-me or e-mail me at ( ( i'm_god_2_women.heaven.org
But like the person above me said .
What color are you panties , i believe he just wants to get into your pants .
I feel jealous and when she do not have any value for me .
Two straight guys know that 's ANOTHER story !
Yes they are the best match .
I think pakistan will get better and better in future
Com , if that does n't work go get some plastic surgery , botox , a horribly dark tan , then maybe a lambrigini
You got ta to make your move .
How can i lose my virginity without sex ?
Ladies , do you find gay men sexy ?
Because he got what he wanted .
Share them with me shit I need some cliteris !
I find the best way to do it is to just tell them .
But if you cannot put up with it then the best thing for you to do is move around .
They miught not want to chat with you
Marriage is a big step and it takes alot of give and take .
It can be if your good bf could be your bestfriend
Women are looking for thier mr. right and are often fast to jump saying your him .
* other than at a radio sponsered event *
Of course men cry its natural ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
But , IT WILL GET BETTER SOON :0 )
There are a lot of things i want to do but cannot because she is there what do i do ?
Eat her - trust me it always works !
There is no way to tell how hard that will hit you until it 's too late .
So i say you chose sides .
It will drive her insane . Seriously . She will freak for your body after a good licking
Yes , but you know that already , do n't you .
I do not think you want a normal guy , normal guys are just . NORMAL ! ! .
And lots of people hate me for it .
Some still like to have a nice guy that does nice things for her , and treats her right .
I Am 21 YEARS OLD AND I HAVE A BABY .
( providing you are old enough to date ) .
Sex can lead to pregnancy & STD 's ( and you can take care of yourself anyway )
Then treat her like you always did .
They are wild-er than girls who do n't go to church
I Am 18 and i will be the first to say that i do n't know what love is .
I have freinds and they say that they love me but they do not show it , should i believe them ?
See if you can start hanging out with groups of friends .
So just do n't do it , your risking disease , so just from that do n't do it .
Tell him that stop going out with his other gril or i will go to my own way !
! If you whant more advice email meow3994 ! That Is me ! !
- - by the way , bipolar tend to talk a lot : - )
Yeah sure my email is darksensation143 @ yahoo.com
Like what they want there bf to be like ?
I think that your idea is really nice !
They think that i 'm depressed and crap , but i 'm not .
And one who is fun to hang out with .
Just hang with him and act like you want to be his friend first ( if not already true .
May the force be with you : P
( Make it special : Timing is everything as well as how romantic you are ! )
Older men are better . a little more serious , ,and thoughtful . plus i think they  are better in bed
Oh , ooops , half of them will be gay . just pick and choose carefully .
He needs to get a small car that is great on gas
Do n't just miss him becuase he is not there and you do n't have anyone .
Sometimes does n't pick up his phone that means he 's prob cheating .
It usually depends on the girl though .
If she says no just like it does n't bother you .
Why would n't we all be gay !
Stuff like that is always nice .
Invite over a few of your friends !
You should try to just be like normal and just chill if you want to with him .
Congrats , you made it through puberty with out even going thier .
Plus . it 's always good advice to go to the bathroom before and after sex .
Hey you do n't know what the outcome will be until you try it .
I really ca n't tell you what to do to make him care .
Miss him becuase you actually being with him
Because millions of other people have the same question , , , ,
YOU got a same problem like i used to have last year !
I would forget him and never do that again !
I m 17yr girl frm india n next year i m going to do gemnoloy .
( Like you young girls who have sugar daddies ) .
YOU got a same problem like i used to have last year !
I would forget him and never do that again !
When you get older you come to the conclusion you have nothing to loose .
I m 17yr girl frm india n next year i m going to do gemnoloy .
I have had pen pals in the past and they 've been fun !
Let the guy ask you out
Why sit around and ponder just do it !
Maybe after one year he  will finally get it that you do not wan na go out with him !
Unless YOU GOT BIG BUCKS IF SO CALL A WEDDING PLANNER AND ASK HER FOR IDEAS
Sounds like is playing games with the both of you .
Love , LOVE , LOVE & ONE MORE TIME LOVE !
Younger men prefer older women , because they think older women are more likely to put out .
I now this guy i like .
I just do n't know what to do .
Good enough that I do not have to wonder about yours .
Yes IF THEY UNITENTIOANLLY DO SOMETHING TO ME AND NO IF THEY PURPOSELY DID ME WRONG
And you cannot even fight back , because you ca n't hit a girl .
Just be confident and what is the worse tha t could happen him say no ? ! ? ! ?
Since you gave him head without any kind of commitment , you pretty much set yourself up .
I liked girls , and guys too .
I think they did it on brady bunch .
At the sametime listen and talk about his intrests .
Have you ever herd the saying he that findeth a wife findeth a good thing ?
They want to be verry noughty or have ( sex )
Ture love has no time table .
Explain it is ok to tell you what she needs to get to that stage.man she is missing out ! ! ! !
Are you the wierd one or what ?
Try and find a good woman
Still he said it was nothing .
Hell , just do the wrong thing , and joke with them about it .
This is a good thing , not a problem !
When you together do you feel her and she feels you ?
Do not take part in it
I do n't mind if a guy comes up to talk to me .
Tell him bye NOW and forget him bad bad boy no good for you
Make then accept you for who you are
If he loves you then it is smooth sailing after tht right ?
9 yrs is a long time !
He acts like he likes me .
He would know it if he was n't .
If nhe is flirting then yes .
Go to a strip club and get a prostitute
A bit unique , but not wierd .
You probably will not untill you meet him in person .
He 's just grabbin all the s he can - a casanova , a player , a jerk !
I want him back but i do not know what 2 do
I like to go perfume shopping with my guy .
I know it sounds hard to do at school but it really is the best thing to do .
Maybe its a selfessteem issue , where they think that they are better off just stickin with the thug-types .
Maybe YOU ARE BEING BLIND IN YOUR LOVE .
To do what he probably wants to do .
I hate thugs i like classic men
Do n't ask those sort of things .
Try rubbing her shoulders then get her to lie down so you can massage her back .
Good luck and keep your chin up !
But doyou like him in a way that you would want to have a relationship with him ?
I was so upset that i cried .
Ok i KNOW how you feel .
If the only way you can get out is to leave everything , then do it !
I used to lock the bathroom .
So you never know just be careful is all .
Is will you want it once you get it ?
I would have to ask WHY is she in Plano Tx .
My ex hates my guts , but I still like her .
If the guy/girl only calls you to * * * * you .
I mean , hes human just like you , waht you gota be afraid for ?
Both of you are so nice : )
As Long as she dose n't find out .
Well i am 13 so i am a little young 4 you .
Always keep your phone messages cleared and try not to let them all meet at the same place , , . lol
Come on , honestly what did you expect ?
Hon , by the way you spell annoying i can tell that this is just a high school love .
Do you think hes playin or hes really into me ?
But all women have one thing in comman , and that is how they want romance .
We  are not that scary you know .
Let me give you a child 's perspective .
That has a lot to do with it .
I guess it would just depend on the kids !
If that cannot be done ( I know how that goes ! )
And your not even close yet to the woman you will become .
Cave man # 1 : Ug , I feel this whole survival thing is blown way out of proportion these days .
He says he cannot help how he feels .
He said he only talked to her once.But , I do n't know if I believe that .
For all you know , she 's been dying to ask you out too .
Oh and when you go . there will be ALOT of chapel owners outside trying to get your business . LOL ! ! !
If he does not notice you then its because hes not for you .
E-mail me : livinlifeintheoc @ yahoo.com then i can give you a better answer
But do not have sex with man at the first day
No , choose the Flying Spaghetti Monster .
Then after time I want some one new why ?
Bradey Bunch , hell , watch the rat patrol , you almost have a squad .
Call HIM AS OFTEN AS HE SAYS YOU SHOULD OR CAN .
You CAN GO 2 CHAT ROOMS LISTINGS AND THERE YOU WILL HAVE ALOT OF ROOMS 2 CHOSE FROM .
Maybe he does OR he just wanted your number !
I mean , girls do it all the time .
Or say I have found someone else !
We had a blast in Vegas !
You should probably tell her or do not give him any attention back .
And you want both of them to be happy together .
But we are good friends now .
If the guy likes her and not you then you have to accept it .
Ha ha , that guy above me is too funny !
If you love her , then ask if she loves you .
I was hard , as always when i 'm wif here .
You just have to be confident , and be yourself .
It 's you that makes your life lonely .
Because women are insecure and are in need of it all the time .
Best thing to do is just say hello and tell her your name .
Get rid of him before he dumps you !
! no he is too old and biside he does not love you he only instreded in you are body
Features like good shape , complaction , colour of the eyes and so on .
He loves nice htings - yet doenst like to spend money .
Try to wait if you can still work it out together .
Having A BABY CAN BE VERY STRESSFUL AND TIRING .
Let me tell you something family is forever .
That 's what i call a basket-ful o ' goodies = ) lol
Stop watching it for 6 months and then try it agian ; )
Naughty in the bedroom nice everywhere else
Go for the fancy and if she wants it , let her order the friggin lobster .
Maybe that you like the person ?
Boyz come a dime a dozen but friendships are hard to come by . FOOD FOR THOUGHT .
It 's not that he does n't love you or wan na be with you .
Let her go because she never lkes and she plays both of you .
Because some girls wants to fall in love all mens.especially handsome people
( And I especially do n't want that particular physical trait growing on me !
Its what my former girlfriend always uses . and it always works ! !
How can i make my mind contole me ?
I am 15 and i love to go to the movies with boys .
She may not even be there and just left a false clue .
Needs your support & understanding right now .
If you agree to your self then you can do that i do not think its okay good luck
Well if hes good to you i think it 's fine
If you answer the questions with positives answers then there is a probobility you r in love so good luck
But I made something of myself .
Yeah if you want to end up with an old lady or fat man .
* if a man really likes you . you will know !
Then I read an email he would sent to a women talking about love .
Maybe hint it out to him that you really would like to kiss him .
They feel something and do n't know what it is .
Only the ones you meet in vampire bars and covens .
Alredy did but anyways here it is s.j.thefinest @ yahoo.com
Depends on who I am with .
That way you  are not completly cutting her off .
) and make sure not to flirt alot .
Most of the time I 'm just nervous that the girl does n't like me and its all in my head .
When you invite problems , you  will have problems
You wo n't get any when the baby ' here .
How do you realy like ( love ) your boyfriend ?
As far as your frenz ex . ask yourself . which is more important . your FRIENDSHIP with her or trying to date this guy ? ? ? ?
No matter how much it hurt , he would not stop .
Do n't blame her , but use I statements like , I desire to make love with you .
Or maybe I suck at making bf .
You should be more worried about not being gay .
If you  are not married then NO .
If he 's not into you , then just give up .
Well it really depends what you mean by look .
Flatter her alot coz zat is all women week point
Cover it up and have fun .
Just make it seem like it is not a date , but just hanging out .
I  will probably go and see one .
18 or after aimancipation ( however you spell it ) or have you are parents sign a document
He will be jealous if you talk or flirt with other guys .
Trying to pick which guy when your husband goes on deployment .
I busted my butt for the ERA and some dumb girl asks a stupid question like this .
My dad says they do not have any , its a secret . ? ?
Go back to wemen that shit anit right anyway
I want to hear you are side
If you can not reestablish trust then it 's never gon na work .
Picnic at the beach or park - buy a pre-cooked chicken meal at the grocery store .
I 'm not going to say it 's o.k .
Do Not feel alone , sometimes its just not nessary
Sometimes things workout , and sometimes they do n't . that 's life .
However , have you ever thtought that maybe , just maybe , you two just are not good for one another .
Or just have to stop thinking about them ?
Maybe they just do n't want to lose you ?
If you mean a date , then yes .
It is a homework assignment due tomorrow
No its not weird i did not date anyone until i was 19 in college and now i 'm 22 .
Problem is that I ca n't tell if guys like it or . not .
So it 's been great for them !
Every time you catch his eye . SMILE !
You ask her to marry you
So it will not matter what you say , they will not be interested .
Lately all I 've wanted to do was sleep .
I GUESS IT 'S NOT A QUESTION .
You got yourself a real winner .
Be creative with yourself , fall in love with YOU first ! ! !
Talk to him and ask him if he wants to hang out some time .
There is not really a way of do in it you just do it .
And she might feel the some way about you .
( at least that 's how it is in CA )
You just have to be patient and wait for them to get here .
Get back on that bike bro .
Deep down she really does want you to pay .
And IF WE DID N'T SCREAM YOU WOULD THINK WE WERE SLEEPING !
You  will be glad you did in the long run .
How should i tell my ex that i do not want he no more ?
Hey What Is up i guess it starts to know what you are lookin for ?
Hes not in love with you , hes in love with the control over you .
And when he do that act like how he was acting .
But if you find out that all he wants is sex then i think you should dump him .
Whatever YOU DO , DO NOT CALL HIM EVERY FIVE MINUTES OR A BILLION TIMES IN ONE DAY .
What do women like about men ?
The greatest of these is love
If not , he is selfish . scram . your headed for trouble !
I kind of feel that what you want is someone to tell you exactly what to do .
How about grab your mistresses @ ss day .
There is this guy at my school and i cannot tell if he likes or even notices me .
Cut your lose i hate to say it but . he likes another girl
Not sure it  would work . but you could try it .
To spice your sex life with your wife please add some salt and pepper ton her pussy and enjoy
Yes , because usually they have to give it up .
Thank you & always remain yourself ! !
Now if he does try to just get in bed with you .
Moving on to the sex part of it .
I 'm with you the same thing happing with me .
Let them know that you want alittle freedom
Instead of fighting ask him to rub your feet .
Well show him its no big deal ( even if it is !
Hell , use the internet if you have to .
It 's according to you are age too . if you r 35 . you got a promblm lady .
Ok i like this guy and he likes me !
If he makes a promise to you and he did n't fulfill it , do n't ask anymore about it .
What DO YOU THINK OF ONE NIGHT STAND 'S ? ?
If you  are walking walk hard enough to you break yo hips .
E-mail me if you are interested at pritspat @ yahoo.com tc
( I know it 's easier said than done )
Well do what you fell is right
If they only call you late at nite .
Okay , if he does not want to stop just be firm on saying no !
You said this is your BEST FRIEND .
Sorry i answered your question with a question
Hey just do what I do A Lot of masterbating ! !
There ARE other guys who think you  are a gem , you know .
He was killed on the battlefield
She really means a lot to your family and we love and care for her and the boys alot .
Any OLDER THAN THAT COULD BE TROUBLE .
Yes that is true but there will be hate
I 'm 12 do you thank I have a chance ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
I LOVE somebody who can just HAVE FUN !
If you want it , then there 's definitely nothing wrong with it .
I met him a couple years ago at a friends party !
No it just a n't right can'tyou find someone better ?
And my then fiance ( now husband ) and I just drove to Las Vegas and got married .
Be confident - but not cocky .
How about being a KID first ? ? ?
Do not get A BOY FRIEND on the internet . he could BE A RAPIST ! !
Life is short , go out & live it up ! ! ! ! !
You should not be doing that to your sis and your ex .
If not well then that is just crazy but at least you tried .
There 's many out there , trust me : )
Both TRUST ME I WAS NAUGHTY & NICE .
For me hitting the club hacing fun all night .
Plus now I chase him around the house tons more .
I do not know but i know what you mean !
But i do n't want to do it derect
You can tell millions of people you like a guy but you ca n't tell him ?
So that 22 to 27 thing , eh , they are fun for recreational sort of sport f .
I not sure myself . i really want to know how myself .
If it 's not an exclusive relationship .
If he is taken and is happy , then move on .
Will she ever feel how I felt ?
She said it a nice way that made me realize my wrong doing .
Ya need to get to your gyno .
But other than that - you are beautiful and talented , if I may guess - MOVE ON !
I 'm embarressed by my parents too .
And your future partner , if not believing in it himself , should not force you to do anything .
Nobody believs you. you do not even know who i am .
You do not build a relationship starting with sex trust me
He 's really nice , but we are n't that close .
Depends on how old you are . if your like yonge go to a movie or something .
Its ok if you do not know about sex .
First yu have to change yr sex apple towords him .
Choosing a partner , i have no experience in .
Or should I just go ahead and try it for the hell of it ?
I love sex because it 's so much fun !
Hey there ham-sandwich , how are you today ?
But some guys would do that . WHY ?
Help me no drivers licens and hard worker what next ?
He treated her like crap and she is dumb for wanting him back .
None of them probably do and he needs to find someone who does .
You need to be careful what you are subcommunicating there . Also are you ok with always paying ?
So maybe you should try to talk to your boyfriend .
Alway 's remember to pick your battles .
I have meet some really bad kissers in my life .
Leave him alone if he really loved you he would n't still be with his wife
Get another man and move on
What kind of help would you like
The first time I saw his green eyes !
It was cold and you did not heat it up . ; - )
We went from having sex 10x a week to zero .
If you do n't feel comfortable adjust and then proceed .
But trust me he  will be back especially if it was good to him .
How much do you like ( love ) your boyfriend ?
Do n't choose just for the cruise line . choose for the ports of call
When your kissing and she let you touch where ever you want
Well its been my experience a large wallet can offset a small penis so size does matter
If you have nice eyes and awesome hair , I am already head over heels !
Is a good start , and sincere not cocky .
You got ta take care yourself first .
Legally you have 2 be 18 and over .
Unless she gives you a reason not to otherwise .
Do they Like girls at that age ? ?
My wife would get upset with me if I did n't date Beyonce when I had the opportunity .
Try to do more listening than talking .
How it is going to help , if you cry the whole day and still you feel sad ! ! !
Lol AS soon as you want .
I guess if he dosent change even if it hurts we have to leave them .
I 'm just like any other male : I am obsessed with it ; why else have I seen her naked ?
You can flirt and make it obvious that you like him .
Tell him too tell you other wise its over that always works
Hello . Maybe it is just me !
I do n't think that makes you gay though .
Just ignore him if he talks 2 you , and spread bad rumors about him
Sure is there a guy interested in a friendship ?
But then it IS to late
If there 's no kids to think of HELL NO
So go ahead and tell him everything that you r thinking .
Plus you young girls are looking for older men or men with potential .
No comment . if you both like each other then go as long as no one gets hurt . ok ?
I feel for you , good luck
Well DARLING , I AM A MARRIED WOMAN .
Because in reality , the 'popular ' girls are n't popular at all .
What would be the point of Liking a girl ? ?
Can YOU FIX A CAR BY YOURSELF ?
Have you ever heard of RedBook ?
If all you guys do is have sex .
Its like fighting demons every day when you wake up .
How can i find really free friend finder site ?
He gets girls pg , then moves on .
Oh yeah , you are very normal !
Focus on her . take your time , massage is nice , warm up your oil . and a hot towel . no music , or talking , just action .
Because he is a really sweetheart , ans means the world to me .
My little sister is constantly wanting to b up my ass everywhere i go she wants to be there .
Nothing . if you like him . and he likes you . there is nothing to fix .
There is nothing wrong being a virgin at 19 ! !
There 's nothing to be shy about .
No no no save yourself until marriage , give your husband a special gift .
Just like you would any other woman .
If you ca n't find one out of house try to find one by chatting . ok ?
There Is not a whole lot you really can do .
If HE LOVES YOU HE WILL CHANGE .
But i ca n't forget my ex-gf coz i love her & i 'm in dilemma .
Or . she could just be really in love with you .
It 's time to shut him down .
I scream because my boyfriend asked me to .
Is it to be cool in front of friends or its just the way they are
Save the good stuff for later .
Do NOT get married until you find you are soulmate ! !
Nothing better than strange , its the thing I miss most since I got married .
Yup . it depends on what type of wedding you want .
Talk about your intrests , and ask her about hers .
Men are jerks by definityion and love is a destroyer by its usage .
Go to a club and have one hell of a time !
King , but the mind at 28 and the woman is ready for a relationship .
When the lump in his pants keep knocking things off the tables .
1st base - kissing 2nd base - making out with 'touching ' 3rd base - eh . sex .
But if you do n't that is fine too .
If after 8 mothes he 's willing to cheat it will not last .
Not easy to do I know .
And ma st er ba ti on is not a dirty word ! ! !
If your both single talk with him about those feeling he may be having same type feeeling
Why do n't you go after a not-so-good-lookin guy and you wo n't have that problem .
Take me out old school KABLAM
He mite unless he has a girlfriend
If you are not over your ex you should not be getting married .
If YOU WANT TO DATE SOMEONE WHO IS 1 OR 2 YEARS OLDER THEN YOU THEN GO FOR IT .
Try to start your lives over little at a time , i belive these things should not be rushed .
If you like you can make that day or give it a date
I have been in situations like this from middle school up to college . and it never gets easier .
Because MAYBE THEIR JEALOUS AND ITS OKAY TO BE SOMETIMES .
She asked if we could still be friends .
And my mom would kill me if she found out .
For the first time in past 10 years ( i think so ) .
Day after thanksgiving , i went to this guy 's house for a party .
This guy , I swear it would be so right , but i feel like I 'm only 14 . it ca n't be .
Ohh wait YOU ARE NOT A MAN ! ! ! ! !
I do n't mean anyting by it either .
And she is actually happier now that both her parents are happy .
I went out with this guy last week .
Him b in charge of wat topics you talk about .
I mean , come on , is tehre a reson NOTto like sex ?
Love is something you feel , not what you think .
Well i guss it depans of what website your on if its good or not .
There are too many good ones out there to waste your time on someone you already wasted time on !
I like to know more about female ejaculation
. and i just want a relationship .
People never win games , they alway loose in the end .
Then he gets an attitude when I say that men re like children
My boyfriend is bi and so it 's perfect for me .
But these things can not b rush into or it will end up like hell on earth .
Do i have a reason to hope ?
And hey if you believe in Jesus ?
I cannot speak for other woman but I sure as hell never do/did .
They have been best friends seens first grade now were in 7grade .
A lil help would b appreciated .
Plus give yourself a stepping stone .
Boobs 38dd and plus.any age 16 to 99
1 : You Are doing exactly what you are not supposed to be doingthat  s why you feel that way. .
Well 2 wrongs don'tmake it right !
Go to a massage parlor and ask for the happy ending-doing that once a week should help
Other than that if your both consentual have all the sex you want .
I think thugs are creepy and unattractive !
Its the hottest peak of sex , the moment that you feel you own the world !
He invited me to come over so i did .
By cutting him off from my life ?
Its totally unattractive to me , when you have that stank breath i do not want it anywhere near me .
If you have any guy friends left bro .
The meds balance them out and everything is just fine .
What cologne do you like most on a guy ?
Just kidding be yourself and be nice to him
Were all afraid to admit something !
If she truly hates you : Who knows ?
I love her very much and i want her to know how much she means to me .
I was just lucky that their was no cops around for the ride home .
It is so okay for guys to cry .
She had taken her panties off .
It started with small talk then lead to more personal stuff like , am I married ?
I tod him tht I would n't have sex with him until I was 16 or 17 .
When someone , gives gifts or flatter a girl
If he is your best friends bf and he flirts with you he is not that good of a guy .
Just enjoy yourself a little bit longer .
I KNOW I AM YOUNG AND MIGHT THINK I DO NOT KNOW MUCH BUT I DO .
You have to be kidding me .
I mean how old are you ?
Chances are its in her mind you just have to bring it out .
Also , you could just say , do you wan na got to Starbucks ?
Then if he is , talk to him a little .
Honey , i think we  are gon na need a little more info on that one !
If you have some REAL problem with the guy . you should tell your mom about it
This is not the place to post such silly questions here
Lol , I guess I get to sit back and see what happens to her ?
Give him an poster of einstien and a card !
Opinions from both males and females
Wait until you are 35 lol .
But you have needs , do n't you ?
What i have found is that men just have different ways to show they care .
Wish her to a have a 'GREAT day ! .
He always gives me hugs , talks to me , he even flirts with me.but the thing is hes my best friends boyfriend !
: ) The devil 's going to rip you a new lifestyle , everytime .
Quit looking for it , it will find you when you least expect it : )
I think i am not am i do not know why ?
You do n't get her to like you .
Well then go back to your ex bf , and try to work things out together ,
My live-in boyfriend is finally going to be divorced in 2 days ! !
I go spend all my summers and christmas vacation time there with him .
Girls are cheaters do not trust them . if they said i really loves you . means they wants to play with you are life .
I Am guessin its to make her feel good about herself .
( I 'm not talking about playing hard to get ) .
Tell him . hey i heard that there is this good burger joint in the mall .
In a year you probably will not even like him any more .
I do n't care how attracted I am to him .
The RIGHT PERSON CAN FIX ANYTHING .
Women buy sex toys because : 1. they last as long as you want them to .
Airplane bathroom it was the best i 've ever had my first time actually
Do n't it always seem to go , that you do n't know what you 've got til it 's gone ?
Trust me I 've been there done that sweetie ! !
Does it have buttons or a zipper ?
But i would n't do anything until then because karma always comes back .
Hhhmmmmm . i 'm blushing right now thinking of it > : ) . hehehehe
Stop POSTING POINTLESS STUFF ON MY QUESTIONS GROW UP .
People will say yes and some will say no .
Does it have buttons or a zipper ?
But i would n't do anything until then because karma always comes back .
Hhhmmmmm . i 'm blushing right now thinking of it > : ) . hehehehe
Stop POSTING POINTLESS STUFF ON MY QUESTIONS GROW UP .
People will say yes and some will say no .
No that do not mean that he is cheating if you trust him then do not worry about his passwords .
If you want a romantic relationship . well . you get the idea .
And NO DO NOT CHEAT BECAUSE THAT WILL ONLY MAKE THINGS WORSE .
Yet he still , to me , acts like a guy .
But it is worth the trouble .
YOU r gift from heaven 2 .
Like kissin , touchin , i would not say sex then , cuz i think that would be too soon .
I want to enter a magic site but it asks me this question
But he is getting married this month .
Be interested even if you  are not .
Yeah if you want to get a divorce !
Kissing agood looking girl is like . ?
Well , find out how he acts around you .
No Dear you did not do right .
Get him a magazine subscription to something he likes .
Because you deserve better than that .
But he still cannot get away from you because hes in love .
However - - i find him looking at me every now and then .
My best friend has a major crush on him , and i am only 13-i do not want a boyfriend yet !
I have experienced something like this .
Do Not change yourself just for a guy .
When i met him he was lucky if he had 2 hairs left .
That Is okey as long as you are over 18 i guess .
Because you wo n't have sex with him and he might try to rape you .
I feel weird when i saw him .
Well yes um usually the boys do not want to be younger then the girls .
It WILL HAPPEN WHEN YOU LEAST EXPECT IT TO .
Love you but not in love with you !
Women donot think about gay men at all .
But you do out and have fun as well .
But there is no intamacy or romance left .
First you should see if he has changed and is loyal .
I do this now about every outher month .
Last year , I bought my ex- sexy pajamas and chocolate body paint .
I Am going though the same thing and need someone to talk to !
Not all men are like children , perhaps just your .
Preppy girls like the sports car , but most girls it would n't matter .
Do n't give up on her and your kid .
And list what qualitys you want .
Its what you feel comfortable with .
Tell him what I want and like Buger King , I have it MY WAY !
They only scream when you are raping them
And then just fallow your heart .
He is in love with me and wants to marry me when I become 19 .
In some cases these ladies become sugar mommas .
Just know how valuable YOU are . not things !
This happens all the time .
There are so many nice people out there and remember this . things always happen for a reason .
Because most people are having sex more often than they travel
No you should just try to accept it .
Honey , 14 is way too young .
Its called Valentines Day , because Valentines Day sure is n't for the guy .
Soft is a sign life , ridgidity is a sign of death .
Hint at it then if they do not get it just come out and tell them
It 's just too bad that women feel that way these days .
Depends of who you are with i would not call any names to my girl
My grandparrents hav a 10 year difference in age !
Try 2 give me more detail .
Most of the people are sex starve or sick men from india and all those other countries around there
Does n't have to be boy , does n't have to be !
Just get right out there and tell her .
Cuz we can be and you men giv in easily
Get a lawyer and go for half of everything else !
What a waste of a perfectly good young man .
Is it wrong of me to bring up his girlfriend again ? ?
You gave him head with no strings attached
If I could chose only one ? ? ?
If this makes you popular , then that 's that .
Only looking for her will find her , asking around yahoo is n't going to get her found . Nicky
Okay THAT ALL DEPENDS ON AGE .
I do n't know how he feels , and its driving me crazy !
Its lust then may go to love
There 's definitely no age limit . if you find true love when you  are young , then that 's awesome ! !
Dating beyonce any day , any time .
Tell him to go over there and get cleaned up .
Wait a minuet is not proposing like asking to marry and does not spouse mean husband or wife ?
In these 5 yrs i never dated anyone .
Realize SHE ADMIRES YOU THAT IS WHY SHE DOES THAT , ITS A COMPLIMENT , ENJOY IT .
Whoever 's hotter and got better tips that night
He is probably gay and is trying really hard to like girls but just ca n't .
Leave space to write down his suggestions too .
What do you feel when his around ?
If you do not then guess what you are F * * k !
Someone who like you for you and not for wut you got
If you can go to another state , even better .
And has a urge to have sex and mess around .
Plus there is a whole nother issue that you do n't seem to see .
If you do not want a committment also , then fine .
No matter what guy you like you can like Green Day and they do n't have to like it .
Like if something was wrong with them .
Work on the two of you first .
Do n't worry about it - you have PLENTY of time !
All men are not jerks , just the one you wanted .
If you are able to do that .
As the old saying gose try it you might like it best of luck
They have n't even had the time to figure out what love is .
Or you  will get your heart broken .
Although we 've talked about it alot , i still do not know his reasons .
You do n't want to fight for a guy who is not sure of you and what he wants .
Why some thing like this occupcying your mind ?
As for him you should n't really worry about it until he gets out of hand .
There is a lot to be happy about !
I just do n't want it to be just a card and I have not ideas .
I wanted to have sex with him soooooo badly .
If you need to ask you are already sucked in .
I know the obvious answer that many are probably thinking , if he loves you then you will be fine .
I was on my own .
Avoid negatives like , I ca n't believe I 'm doing this or I 'm lonely so I 'm trying this out .
That way you both have a chance at life .
Why do n't you look for a real man ?
You say . Babe you know what . I Love ya
Its normal.they  are human.But please do not cry for something stupid ; )
Things get said and people get hurt .
That Is pretty much the relationship I have with my wife .
You got to hit him where it hurts ( do n't hit him forreal ) ( its just a figure of speech ) .
Do a lot of kissing and alot of stroking .
I say do n't go to the wedding .
Take your time . do not ' grow up too fast .
And besides what woman would n't want a guy that can make her laugh ?
If anything is password protected they are hiding something
She just wants to be around you is all
In a very nice sweet kind of way !
Do you think i should ask him out .
If so just talk to the guy .
Men can cry like any human being !
I like him to be taller than me , honest but not too nice .
That just means they occasionaly misplaced their wallet and have to wait to get that pack till later .
Coming from another Wise , get rid of his butt ! !
He handed me his cellphone and had me put in my phone number .
That way , both of you get a chance to do what you want .
Put urself and get down the buttom of the problem
Men do not like insecure girls well most do not .
Do Not know how to speak english ?
What the hell would have happened if I said she smelled like shit ?
Is it what we thought it was ?
Treat her like a queen everyday , it 's enough
The curb : kick him there ; )
Go fo wht eva she wnts
If you are creative , just make out little coupons with ideas like : One Free Date .
& I just had my first child 14 mos .
Are you watching too much p . n ? ? ? ?
Or , that you do n't feel like it anymore .
I think its a matter of YOU reaching the g spot , deary : )
All of that for the grand slam !
We got a guy around here like that .
And for some coutries this is a big NO NO .
I knew a girl that was old fashioned once . she 's an old maid now ! !
See if you can jion her and her mate
Be like the nicky comercials Just do it cuz foreal ?
And kissing an aguly girl is like . ?
I do n't understand women these day 's trying to feel bad about a guy buying them lunch .
When she is not expecting it or is down .
Last time he said it was because he was working alot .
Be her friend ( that is most imporatant ) and see where it goes
If he keeps glancing at you ! !
Just take your time and do not rush into anything : - )
If you have to ask . you just know .
It 's not easy but it 's for the best .
It is just the demon in your mind .
The best way to get a girl . be orginal , be funny , and most important of all be confident .
You should have said : A HOT SINGLE LATINO HAS ARRIVED FOR ONE LUCKY HOT LADY , hurry !
This little thing that they have is called their ego .
Its been a while since i have thought of this i am 40 y.o .
If she hates it , she 's too high maintenance for ya .
Yeah.it softens you are problem and it makes you breath as it is .
Do n't waste your time trying to catch him .
Simple , stop looking , it always seems to work that way .
Then based on this you can draw your conclosion
He can always pick on you. and he can always want 2 be around you .
Plus if you go classy then she  will expect that all the time !
I Am 23 and a grad student presently .
If your gon na make the move make sure its ok with them too .
It 's not something to rush into , it 's more of a do it at your own pace sort of thing .
? do you think i am hot ? by my avatar ?
Read Cosmopolitan , they have great stuff in there for spicing up your sex life .
Do n't insult because your frustrated unless you want him to do the same .
Ask him on a date , tell him you like him . see where it goes from there
Maybe you DO have a DUH type of guy .Sorry if that is the case .
Sounds like stage fright to me .
Or not true at all ) that is how i am trying to get my man too .
* sounds of cringing from the rest of the bar *
Sounds like stage fright to me .
I was one of those super shy guys . Take my advice , kiss him .
Or not true at all ) that is how i am trying to get my man too .
* sounds of cringing from the rest of the bar *
Why not , if you do not take chances in life you  will never get somewhere : - )
I 'm 25 and i like you
It seems like i was cheated .
Try to sleep it off - no , only kidding .
Be yourself and be nice to her .
When realised , we do not mind calling it as love at first sight .
Just say OK let 's get this out there , you and me are not happening , we cool ?
Well . if you really like him .
Sorry man but hope you find someone
No big deal to you now but imagine when your 25 , 30 !
If she chooses you , good for you .
You want someone that likes similar things . be it horseback riding , watching football , or whatever .
Kids are 17 19 21 years old
You DID RIGHT AND THAT IS CHEATING !
If he makes fun you he just is n't worth it .
YOU knew her boyfriend was jealous and you covered for her .
Another way is to dress sexy , NOT slutty , but not boring either .
There r some of us left in the world you just have to look harder
Get himself a 19 year old girlfriend !
Sorry , but there is things that just ca n't help .
Huni if he is as you say do you really want tpo be just another tick on his list !
For stress relief ( trying to be clean ) .
Generally , he gets much more sleep !
Escpecially if they like that girl .
Hun there 's nothing wrong with you .
Because he seeing you have he said it is over .
Go single for a while , think your priorities out and then go fishing : - )
If you think he is cheating come straight out him and ask you just have to ask .
By the way he looks at me .
Call me , call me now , let 's talk .
You would make a great friend
Like the lady on top said it 's very hard
When young men try to date girls their age .
Guys do n't hide as much as girls .
Like find your email addres or your phone number .
Good luck because you are going to need it
? and tell him he knows him very well !
He had to of taken that picture like 20 years ealier .
Tell her you want to get help with her .
I do not know if i gained anything in love but i lost my dear friend : (
Plus , I 've had guys hate my perfume , and stop hugging me .
You do n't want to worsen the matter .
Alot of my friends are going for this , but i am still goin with the rockers and surfer/skater types .
Let him fly but keep the thread in you are hand .
No , yes , maybe , I do n't know , this question upsets me , ( where are my meds ) .
It was getting late and i fell asleep in his living room .
There are very young girls out there just like me !
Well this is a hard ans .
Okay one of my good friends is 15 years old and use to cut herself .
Let her know how much you care and find little ways to keep showing it to her .
? what is the use of being a rich man if you feel alone and unwanted ?
I care about this man , but I need some suggestions on how to tell him , I can not breath .
Well nothing unless you want him back .
So that way you wo n't feeel that yopu have to do everything .
Actually you don ; t have to get married .
It was not even enough for a comb over .
You can always talk to a counselor near where you live .
Let him know you as a person .
And this guy tony obviously has no respect for you. just stay with the one you love ! !
The yare tring to feel better for themselves.because they feel like shit
Tell the guy you have a crush on him .
And she the girls likes you , it would n't matter to her , anyways
Maybe if they are lucky enough , but i do not think they do .
My sister and her boyfriend have done it for a year now and they are happy .
Bcuz they  are wankers and life someting from another world 4 them ( the ones who want sex bla bla bla . )
Simply he likes you and wana to knows you more than now .
Stop looking so hard , they  are right around you .
And is my x wife realy sick and how sick is she
A nice dinner at home , or a walk in the park , a full body massage from you .
That is 1 to 2 people a year you have sex with .
If you were a straight man ? !
They just do not think like us women ! !
Can YOU GIVE ME You Are E-MAIL ADRESS ? ?
Was i wrong , Or what should i say thanks
Getting MAD AND ACTING LIKE JERK WILL NOT HELP EITHER .
Does he look at you in the eyes ?
Eat up and dive in . that usually works for me .
He then asked me , can i come with you ?
Do n't ask me i am a girl but my bro lives in d.c .
When i set my eyes @ you ! !
Even if you decide to part company .
Just the eyes and nothing else
Because the fact that you are asking this question is cuz you feel guily .
How do you feel you are in love with someone it 's r you in love or not ?
An yeah see a gyno if you are a girl to rule out anything .
You do not want a young girl .
I REALLY LOVE THE OLD FASHION WAY : WHITE & LIGHT PINK , BUT PINK 7 VIOLET WORKS TOO
It also encurages him , ( oh , ok she 's luaghing at my joke , i 'm not blowing this thing after all ! )
Call THE FAMILY TOGETHER , HAVE A GREAT DINNER.THEN HAVE HER FAVORITE DESERT MADE OR BOUGHT , PUT THE RING IN THE DESERT .
Brittany Murphy , I really like her
Act shitty with him , ignore him like he did you , make him feel stupid .
What sort of look is it ?
: o Ok , hope that helped you .
If you can deal with him flirting with other girls then hey i guess that it is fine .
If you ca n't find anything you  are interested in , then it probably wo n't work and I do n't have anymore advice .
Maybe you are looking to hard for someone who is exactly the same as the woman you dated .
More like what is she smoking .
What if business goes well , and romance goes bad .
My wife snuck on and wrote that , I think she tries to pretend like I 'm not a fat boy .
You need to feel her out .
Keep IN MIND NO ONE KNOWS THAT I AM GAY .
Guys have problems with girls because they tend to get nervous .
Ask him by striking a conversation up wiht him !
But when he do deside to get his ass off his shoulder .
Tell them you fear for your safety .
Dress nice and flirt with him , give him your attention .
I always get confused about that ?
Then , I found out that he only had the email addresses and what not of women .
Or i need to buy something at the mall .
I did not like it either when I had to let them run my life during school .
But do n't bend over backwards to become what you  are not .
Tell him exactly waht you told us . you care but you need your space !
They starve themselves , and talk about nothing at all , exept who had sex with who .
You havee lost your virginity by mastubation
Girl only you can decide on this .
Try asking him and say why that bothers you .
Must make me laugh . and i agree a good butt is always nice 2 lol
Because we know what we want and are not to budge .
Well do it based on the same evidences that make women say men are stupid , fools ot have nofeelings !
I think you should not be doing that because sooner or later he is going to hurt you !
When people get drunk things happen
Awesome . but it takes work to keep it that way .
( what if he 's creepy AND cute ? ! )
No attraction , no connection . so how do you just say , it 's over ?
And you should cry , let it out .
Meanwhile these guys spend little or no money on them and get all the action they need .
Once a cheater always a cheater . if he does this to his girlfriend , he  will do it to you .
Try some toys and movies make it kinkieeee
I do not think astrology is real .
Get A JOB AND BE INDEPENDENT . that is simple . i been living Independent since i was 16 . now i am 21
If she rejects ya then whatever there is a gazillion other fish in the sea you do n't need her .
But Mainly - FOLLOW YOUR HEART and YOUR GUT FEELINGS ! ! !
Jus relax and do n't ask too many questions Tip : wear B.O.D .
Ask her first then if she does not get off push her off
And chicks with 'richards ' sort of scare me too .
You JUST HAVE TO FIND THEM .
Well it is talking of virginity .
No i do n't think so , but i 'm worried myself about not having one and i 'm 13 too .
: P I do n't practice what I preach .
Plus it 's a great excuse to hold a woman close , even strange women !
Aske HER WHAT SHE THINKS , HOW SHE FEELS .
Do you think about the guy ?
Well i dun . I  will for real life experience wen i am old enough .
Then just go up to her and start talking .
Have you asked him if he is or if he realy likes you .
I GUESS I JUST ALWAYS THOUGHT WE  WOULD GET BACK TOGETHER SOMEDAY .
If it fails , just let it go .
Do what you got to do to make yourself happy .
He has 3 teenagers she has 3 teenagers all 6 are good kids
But just remeber that it will get easier .
Get yourself out there so people can see you and get to know you .
We are friends but i really want to go out with her !
Need more info my yahoo screen name is oletennesseanchic17
Talk to him about it instead of us !
Ditch 3 of them & spend time alone w/ the one you like lol
Just LIVE YOUR LIFE , SET YOUR GOALS AND DO UNTO OTHERS AS YOU WOULD HAVE THEM DO ONTO YOU .
If you really want a divorce get one .
Have sex with her maybe that will change her mind
Due to HURRICANE KATRINA I have 15yrs .
In a public place , tell her to get on her knee .
I guess i sorta mean sexually .
If she says YES , then she is the one !
Man , i wish we could talk !
Having a bitch in his home
I do n't mean finding guys in bars , either .
And become be happy with him .
Oh and i see you like the size so i do have pics and i am very large .
Did this person still have a penis ?
Do n't try to tell lie to yourself .
Go on to a online dating thing
Perhaps he was going to get around to it , perhaps not .
Maybe you should ignore her because she will just hurt you if you care about her .
Guys goin ' out w/ not so better looking or unpopular girls only happen in movies .
Just be yourself.believe me it works.goodluck
He gently massaged my back and hugged me again .
Y is that some guys do not have the guts 2 tell a gurl how they fell about her ?
And if you realy love her then you two should think about going to counceling together .
I 'm being myself and i LOVE my life ! ! !
But to someone else , I mean .
I guess we are more mature.yes it does suck !
Just stay straight lol its much easier !
If you do , get out of it fast !
I'ts fun seeing what he likes .
The problem is this : if he cares about you at all , he 's going to be apprehensive .
Need help ill give you advice if you e-mail me .
I 'm still in love with my baby 's father .
It does n't have a good impression./e-mail me for more : freddy1140 @ yahoo.com
Because with seperate ones , they only hear one side of a story and ca n't really conclude anything .
Nuuu . you can not b born gay , , its sumthin one decides on
There 's no age on love or marriage .
Mostly at their workplace , laundrymat , walmart , or on the internet , i am sorry !
They go to a doctor for help and answers !
We have had our up 's and down 's , but we have made it .
Ya should ask her out that 's what i would do if i were a guy
You do n't need her to do this .
My boyfriend is really jealous of me i mean , i 'm kind of cute .
If there r no decent guys out there then y would you have 1 ?
Yes be couse love is love there nuthing eles like it
They do not think about the same things
I knew my husband for 8 mo .
He probably did n't want any relationship at all .
Think , will you actually remember it in 30 years ?
Tell him you found someone better him , you not come around you again
Just because your friends are getting married does n't mean you should be .
If she does n't want to , than do n't do it .
Do n't throw yourself at men you are not desperate .
At any chat program there is such rooms
Where DOES THIS IDEA COME FROM THAT VIRGINITY IS A PROBLEM ?
Rough handling and two minutes of wham-bam-thank ya . ai n't gon na cut it for most ladies .
I have a great guy , ( if you read my Q , not the 1 i need to break up with .
Try to think of things that could spice up your marriage .
Ok , fuck what everyone said , and listen to me .
Just ask around mabey someone will point you 2 the way of a friend !
Ever hear of the expression true love waits ?
What you got to do is set your mind back to the right path .
Girl THIS IS 2006 MAKE YOUR MOVE BEFORE ITS TOO LATE AND HE FINDS SOMEONE ELSE .
When i woke up he greeted me good mornin , d and made me mac and cheese .
Kind of creepy , thirteen is a bit young for anyone , messing with preteen emotions is never good
So yiea , go ahead wit yo self and do it .
Do Not do anything they do not want to do or are not ready for .
Times is precious hope this helps
Do Not forget her girlfriends too . they are one of the judges .
Do n't have sex in the bed all the time .
Do you not think girls get tongue tied ?
Ok , first shave off your beard .
Times is precious hope this helps
Do n't have sex in the bed all the time .
Do you not think girls get tongue tied ?
Ok , first shave off your beard .
Whatever you do , do not go to a movie .
How can i make my two bestfriend be friends again ?
If you love him . give him a chance .
There was his stop so he got off the train .
There are movies that i have n't seen yet .
If you want , email me and we could talk .
Trust me , I was that guy .
Cuz we always have 2 have r way
Just ignore him if he talks 2 you and let your firend like him
Do n't listen to that chic , nothings happening for her either .
If you do not trust him then you do not need to be with him .
Have a mutual friend ask him who he likes .
What because you do not have any kids ?
Call him at work and ask him out .
. if you started NAIRing your nutsack , you 've gone a little too far .
I hate it when fellow girls wan na beat eachother up .
When its your money he 's spending then its ok to gripe and groan .
But being a virgin in no way affects your health or love life .
I think hygiene is one thing ( did I spell that right ? )
I think people look like total idiots dancing .
If its truly your love bird it will return , if not it was never yours to begin with ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I want to learn because it helps a guy get laid .
The only man who does n't cry is Chuck Norris .
Start a group and stand out
Do n't give them your full trust .
People lie and cheat more than they ever have .
What I felt while doing it was why ca n't this be my wife .
You have n't found the right person yet
Maybe a return joke , not in vengance but the spirit of fun
There Is nothing wrong with it as long as it 's legal !
If you invited her to lunch then you should pay .
Pick yourself up and go out . have fun ! ! !
They ARE WOMEN , AND WE ARE MEN !
YOU r rihgt it is often hard to buy for men .
Do n't arouse her or at least amuse her , then it 's a bad idea to force it .
You hav better shot at it working .
I can say that men see porn as sex .
I try to get his attention , but it never works
Depends on the girl and how kinky they are .
I guess because he would just come up to me and do it without notice .
Tust Me I know all about it and it worked for me
A woman who is 21 and in college , no .
I think it could survive , why not ?
Like I said you deserve better than that !
Were you paying with check or cash on the payments ?
You guys just make it look hard .
Would you buy a burning house ?
After all , the mess is between the two of them .
Guys love girls that give h e a d but seldom take them home .
And everyone like me ( the Goths & the Emos ) hate you .
; ) That * IS * the stunningly-perfect thing .
But all in all you have to do what is best for you and him .
You got ta have time for that too .
Guys have a hard time dealing with things that girls do .
It 's not realy a sub. , i like Gym
Say i am already in lov with some on els
All in all , treat her like she is already a good friend , you cannot go wrong
Hiee mayb i can help you out .
I think it is a little too late .
I Am not in india but i think if you wan na have sex .
But hey , I 've known myself my whole life . '
You need to think about it
Even then becarefull very grey area depending on the judge .
So what if another woman takes a guy back and then gets dumped again .
But , he  will still have to pay .
He then asked me , do you mind if we cuddle , diane ?
Old enough to know what true love is , and mature enough to not f ' k it up .
Make him want you , do not go around wit that dumb shit omfg !
I was very shy before College , and that hurt me with the ladies .
Just for asking that - I hope your girlfriend gives you a good tongue lashing !
I do not know . I Have been stuck in the dugout .
But you should wait til the time comes .
Like A CAR YOU HAVE TO BE WILLING TO FIND THE RIGHT PERSON TO FIX IT .
What the hell are you talking bout ?
F YOU C K your self , the best solution .
These guy look at older women .
If you do n't try to crash me .
You DO N'T HAVE TO FIND LOVE .
Safe sex that is , like perfectly legal sex , is there ?
If things will make good out the both of you , then sure , head on !
You can not sail in two boats at thde same time . if you still love shaun then stick to him .
( were only 14 but he does have a job fixing help fixing roofs ) I feel like hes cheating on me !
Maybe that is why he took them !
It would be horrible if you did not try to help her and then she got in a bad situation .
I just had to accept it .
No no no no bad approach .
Does this mean she likes me or is it just a friendly offer ?
He  would want to spend time with you ( not just in bed ) and he  would call .
We are always chillen and i give him some things to say to her .
I do n't want to go anywhere .
Maybe i 'm tired , had a bad day at work . whatever , whatever . you know ? ? ?
Friends and family and love and relationships .
If you want to that would be nice .
Communicate no matter how tough it is .
Men who have this appear stronger for me .
There are more people out there who are like you than you realize .
Sex would n't be much fun would it ?
If your gf is really lesbian i do not see what much can be done .
Way too young to get married , best not to have sex .
I used to be one of them , so trust me .
They wo n't let you cry and be hurt
Wen you think he is the one .
Do n't let the age stop you . my brother married someone 5 years older than he was .
Just get to know her.Try talking to her , and then ( if you become friends with her ) tell her that you like her .
Do n't try to fit in just to be popular because popularity does n't mean you have alot of good friends .
That said , I would n't make too big a deal of it with him .
Remember , just ask a guy that you like if he likes you .
Hi Muncher . the name 's Jack , I know a little about what you are talking about .
YOU CAN ASK HIM OR HAV A FRIEND ASK BUT HE MIGHT SAY NO WHEN HE REALLY DOES 4 .
I ca n't find it inside to talk to her or look at her with out really wanting to scream .
It 's all in GOD 's timing , not ours !
Any IDEAS HOW TO FEEL BETTER ?
On that same note if it is too wrong seek help !
Tone it like an ordinary everyday thing .
Yeah i should listen to a guy who has this question .
My b'day is on 1aug n my zodiac sign is leo .
Necking is when you are nuzzling their neck.no there is n't
Nope , it 's his if in his name no matter what .
Depends on where you are talking .
Marriage SUCKS , that 's why you should n't do it .
If he will not stop , or cannot stop - you ought to consider Why ?
When ever possible a mouth close to her ear is always hot .
Staying together for the child is not good for anyone .
I think that they like poetry
Why do you ask anyway . enjoy it while you can . its amazing !
Your first impressions about him are very important . does he look like he is a good man ?
What DO YOU THINK OF THIS ?
Beat the living crap out of her boyfriend .
But the one thing that I just keep thinking is that Is it worth losing what I have now ?
First tell them to do this . then say you want something else . and then go on like that .
If no then something is wrong .
Remember who you married , and not the things that aren not important ( like leaving the seat up , etc . )
! He will not appreciate what ever you get him .
How much money has he wasted on you , if its more than what you would have guessed then maybe .
Well . anything is possible . just have n't found 1 , do you ?
The obvious is she has something he likes and you do n't .
I would n't believe a simple comment like that would be flirting at all .
I think he will say this words to you. just remember this and god bless you sweety .
But only say it if you really do .
Maybe you should n't even worry about this just yet .
Quit vascillating and get back on the horse .
There are people out there that does n't give a damn about noone else but themselves .
If you do not tell her that you just want to stay good friends .
No woman is worth your time if she does n't want you .
Do n't mess up your life with him girl !
Men do not like to talk much .
Or maybe you read his body language ? ? ?
How old are you i would love to chat to you lol please reply
Pucker up girl or get naked .
Well , here 's the brutal truth : Variety is the spice of life !
Besides , if you have someone else ask him , he 's probably just gon na blow ya off .
Marriage is a load of crap .
Now does not because she got cought and put into consiling .
Look at him in and tell it to him straight to his eyes .
I guess so i saw a few already
Stare at him till he notices you are staring at him , then smile and wink : )
If you lie again , try to protest the treatment or make excuses then it 's over .
If WE DID N'T SCREAM YOU WOULD N'T THINK YOU WERE ANY GOOD ! !
Here are the possible scenarios i can think of : he is shy ?
I think 21 is apropriate , becuase they are mature .
Oh its at yahoo 200 miles from you .
But be firm this is your time to be pampered not his .
It 's good to clean things up a little down there .
I know how hard it is .
If he dose n't like you that is his problem not yours
No , just like you always answer Dr.No
When THE RIGHT PERSON COMES ALONG YOU WILL DEFINITELY KNOW IT BECAUSE YOUR HEART WILL TELL YOU SO .
Its hard because your probably scared to .
If you like yourself and what you are doing , and are excited about it , gurls will like you .
I think hes scared to love you , so he broke up with you for that reason .
And if he notices you probley you may have a chance
Say whatever you have felt about her . truly and sincerely
Maybe they lost you are e-mail address .
What kind of girls do you look for ? ?
. for example : celebrity gossip , fashion , rules of relationships ( i.e .
I think not because women really like the real guy
If it is not too hot at that time of the year , maybe even get married at a baseball field .
I do n't know about other guys .
Let Us be friends , add me to your messenger : D
Here Is a hint . its between your legs .
If it is not too hot at that time of the year , maybe even get married at a baseball field .
I do n't know about other guys .
Let Us be friends , add me to your messenger : D
I THINK YOU SHOULD TRY EXPLAININ TO YOUR WIFE THE SITUATION .
Happy Valentine Day to you too .
He 's just trying to play all hard , trust me because i 'm a black female .
If you love your girl , ask her to marry you .
The first time i tried , i found a knew desire that seemd to take control of my life .
But how is she gon na feel better about her self if your acting like this .
I no that is what i do
Whatever you do , never take sides .
I would n't consider it as flirting alot of guys have liked my long hair but they were n't flirting .
Do not try to make this guy happy .
That she smells down there and she needs to douche without hurting her feelings .
I wish guys could just be honest though !
Some of us are just quiet .
A single rose on each plate if there is lots of people attending make it for the main tables only .
If that keeps up that 's the end of civilization .
Give him a little space , do n't call him for a while let him miss you and call you .
Men are always pulling off crap like that .
Talk to her in a serious way
Beat the everloving crap out of her .
YOU do n't know you is in love you feel it not talking about sex .
Hey.wat if there not true lovin real loyal friends.you might get tat feelin too .
Always ALWAYS ALWAYS have a lawyer .
Hey can you answer my Question what are the negative effect of family planning . in 100 words , , , , , ,thanks
Pop up questions of a vacation or time to spend with eachother
If he is broke , than you should worry .
And give her a dumb look .
No , not all girls are like this.just do n't give importance to that girl whi do n't care for your feelings .
I have no clue why your asking !
If you can then why would you want someone ?
Going slower is always better in the long run- or in the BIG picture !
Then what about all the gymnasts ?
Gosh , I just do n't get it .
But so far your education and culture stops your soul from yelling and shouting .
But she is not coming in any films now .
If he does mabey him or what about your mother ?
To some women out there LOVE = MONEY ( unfortunately )
No drama is going on with you and him .
For instance : nick denny + NE or nick denny + nebraska or maybe try nicholas denny
If you really love them then it do not matter
If he accepts . would you want that ?
Something that a normal friend would not
But , I have a bf that is wonderful 2 me ' and I learned alot .
When a chick is sucking and the dude is licking all at the same time
I am sure you will feel good then !
Noone but you knows what is best for you .
The 2 who fought have long since made up & moved on .
I am naturally thin , not anorexic .
Treat your wife right , respect and love her like day one everyday and your relationship will never sour .
If you look for love you looking for trouble .
Sweetie . if you have to ask . then its not love .
Hi Callgal , ITs all about trust . heheeeeeeee
If not , then they never were .
For all i know you could be some overwieght pimple faced freak !
You do n't want her to think that 's the only thing on your mind .
She begged me to screw her and I did .
Most men will think you have .
And IF HE DOES HOW DO I APPROACH THIS PERSON THAT I AM BEING TO LIKE MYSELF .
Mabe she thinks the same thing boutz you
I Am 11 you should pick guys out that you like , hang around them , the hot ones try 2 notice , but , might not .
He even told my mother that he wants to be with me .
Girls are alot more easy to impress than you think .
Uh , i know that one soooo good .
Anyways . Its cuz they left an imprint-when you fall in love again you will think of your first love automatically
I thought i had one . but someday without recognizing i meet someone and now we  are best friends .
All of them ( except the ugly )
Or is she mellow and does not care .
Its kind of sad that we are so worried about looks is not it .
Lol.i do not think there is anything wrong with a litle foot fetish.lol
If he would get mad , keep it to urself .
Most rebels seek love . so just try to be affectionate but not possessive .
Because i need to know so if you would leave a message that would be great ! ! ! !
Choose a person that is there for you always .
Next time try checking for spelling .
( example : Like going to the theatre - Stage not movie ?
This will surely make things better 4 you .
I got real diomond earings and he made me dinner
No girl wants to go out with a cheap guy .
If its not a native in him !
Well , why i get turned off is cuz they look like they are just doing it to get attention .
A bouquet of flowers with pictures of yourself all in it
It 's the number after 68 and the one just before 70
Well i have got more guy friends then girls
I Am kind of of a smart guy . can i use that
A white iPOD Nano would be nice though .
Your too young to be thinking about that , you have your life ahead of you !
As I said , I feel for you and I * truly * mean that !
I Am not really for sure if i should or not .
Any advice ladies or men please help !
Do Not ask me if it feels good to a girl , i have never experienced that .
Is it walks on the beach ?
because if you 'cheated ' on him , what is the point in being HIS friend ?
However , it does not sound like he 's very happy with her at all .
You know for me a single parent is very tough but it also depends on you . why ?
O yea . Wat 's you are b/f name ?
You rub your genitals on the monitor . just make sure you are n't at a cyber cafe . that was embarassing
It 's the least you can do .
Emotionally you are cheating on her on principle .
Do n't be shy and just approach him , if you do n't talk you  will never know .
Because they have n't been crapped on by enough jerks yet .
Jus show them that you have more balls than them .
If you like valentine 's day then you should .
She is trying to put me in jail so that she can get the kids back . what is you opinion ?
I 'm a guy who just ca n't get enough outta my love life .
First of all , do n't hate yourself .
But i am not a cow girl or a contryfied redneck .
Heck I got a new Jaguar .
Wat is wrong with you that 's jus a little to old child .
May be you never tried . try to love him . automatically you will understand him .
Tell them do not pressure you the right time will come .
Ask you are boyfriend because she may not be liein and she may .
They see me as their trophy that has to be perfect so that they can show me off .
I have friends that did that and they are so much happier now .
From the back . well . i  will let you figure it out .
Who told you , that you are good .
My favorite dreams are when I fly .
She likes you to if you talk all the time .
Oh wise fool , ye hath spoken .
( hey i herd your going out with _ so that is great ) and look for his answer .
And if he is the love of your life he will come back .
Play pool , drink ( tea of course ) , Skip that long term relationship stuff .
Because then i would do it and keep it to myself .
You could listen to me if you want to .
If you ca n't talk about it then you  are not ready .
Y do not you invent a time machine
Well IF YOU CHEATED THEN YOU PROBABLY WILL NOT .
Of course what you look like specificly face boobs and behind
She does n't trust you . You want to know why ? ? ?
They always expect me to be somebody that i 'm not .
When both of you are ready then you  will know how to talk about it .
Women do n't ALWAYS get abused . only when they are with an ABUSIVE male that has a head problem .
Or try this- i love you .
The woman it suppose to be a surprise for him or if not you should go together
I think alot of guys past up some pretty good woman because of looks .
Plus trust is what hold relationships together !
Or may you just did if he reads these too .
If she glares at you or turns her head . move on .
He matchs you with his life ( that shows how much he cares about you ) .
If you got ta ask this ? - - then YEP - she prob ' IS
Yea you should walk her to herlock and talk 2 her and tell her how you feel
I do n't think it should matter .
Your sister should realise about him .
Well blah blah blah , I hope this helps you out .
At least not in my dreams .
But if you like it , then go ahead .
What ever he tells you for the phone being off use that same line right back at him .
Love make you do things that you do n't normally do .
First of all AWW how cute getting married on valentines day and Congratz !
Your so young , plus it 's the best when your in your 20 's
Kiss Any Age , Sex at 15-18 with protection ,18 + whateva you want
Its because SOME guys are really big jerks and really big idiots !
Grandma , you used to do such beautiful cakes !
I hate all the guys out there that abuse their girlfriends/wives !
Choose one and hope she do not find out about the other .
Go ask him out , for hell 's sake .
I no this question are not love and romance but i really wan na no .
So basically all your doing is breaking a heart .
Go to My Q & A and click on the avatar thing .
And we ARE looking for guys , just not in the same way that guys look for girls .
Just keep talking to people your sure to find people even if you cannot date them .
It sounds like you love your boyfriend a lot .
Most guys want girls they cannot get and they jus dream about .
For chrissakes , woman , get a grip .
I was a virgin bride when I got married at the age of 28 !
Well we do , it 's just that most girls are n't that nice in return but I 'm not one of them .
I like this girl that sits in front of me in hisory .
Hell i cannot open up to myself ha good look .
Maybe he feels guilty or really just wants one thing and doent want to get personal
Guys are like that you know .
My tounge and a womans private regions . especially with my vibrating tounge ring
And I do n't even know if he even cares about me anymore .
I personally do n't care what the people I date look like ( within reason ) .
If he 's in a relationship leave him alone find your own guy .
When she says do ya wan na feel ?
I like their eyes , they tell alot about people that they do n't want you to know .
You just have n't found the right man yet , so don ; t give up .
But I ca n't help the way I feel .
Is that like the two GAY Irish guys that got married ?
Bring them on anytime . mm mmm mmm !
I could n't help it ; I 'm HETERO and proud of it !
Also if you can play an instrument , that is instant sex apeal !
Update both of you about what 's going on .
That  will win ya his love alright .
Spend time with family and friends .
That depends . on who asked for the date . the person who asked for a date pays
Flowers on the side always makes me feel special when I recieve that from my guy though .
You do n't hun , cheaters never prosper . doncha know its not cool to be a homewrecker ! !
Or get him something that he really likes .
( it might seem like a date , but there are differences . )
Second of all , you should tell him that you like him !
Well , it 's all about what YOU are comfortable with , but if it were ME , I  would feel totally weird ! !
I would think it would only strengthen any kind of relationship between you !
. Have a gr8 time . hope you ll send me invitation for marriage . hope so . congratz .
Good luck is all that i can say .
Maybe you shud try hookin up wit a girl instead of a cat . that ud help out alot !
Wait TO SEE WHAT HE DOES .
Like i love my husband , but feel for this new guy .
I only like body buldiers that ar n't to musculer and that do n't keep their shirt off 24/7 .
That all depends on how he feels about you using his name on the internet .
Because they are shy and immature ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Like wear an apron with nothing else on. , etc . )
He cannot control you if you do not let him .
Sweetie , you will eventually grow up and find that not all guys are stupid and freaks .
I Am still trying to get over an ex who i havnt seen in almost 4 years .
Let me know what you think .
Toothpicks ca n't say the same , lol !
But still keep calling me and ask me out.Why ?
Just make sure your trying and not a coach potato !
But it mite not happen all the time . remember its all in the mind .
Because it 's a man telling his woman that she is EVERYTHING to him ! !
And women let them , so why not .
Its mostly cuz they really do not beleive it or they r to scared to say it to their face .
If she rejects you hey i will always be here .
We  are talking about guys here , of course it 's possible !
Printed business cards with wedding date , names etc .
But i 've met some great people who were in wheeelchairs and went on in life and found love !
If you have to ask , I doubt you know yet .
First , ask him wat he would do if he found out you cheated .
Just get them . not that hard . Just go up a man you like and ask him out .
I would n't want to lose a friendship , but i thnk he likes me too ! !
I do not know what your age is , but no matter .
This is of course just for now , if you get married , who knows what it will be like . : - )
If they dumped you then it really was n't meant to be .
Check your local jr/sr high it is teeming with boys
What do i do without kicking her a s s ?
Like do they always go for looks ?
And use one or more of them .
If you do not fit into this profile that their lookin for they do not even give you a chance .
I do n't like it and neither do you .
I say more power to him . lol . but , if he loves himself , will he swallow ?
Move on , he has found someone eles . sorry sweetie
I guess it all depends on what type of question you are asking .
The name of the so called female !
16 is not too young to think about having sex .
But it was not so good !
And once you get out , do n't go back .
But WHEN FANTASY BECOMES REALITY ; WELL , REALITY CAN BE VERY SCARY .
I guess they think it is kewl to b the dominate on in teh relation ship .
Yes , but not as quick with a woman with some nice firm cleveage .
You just have to look hard for them .
I think she may be intersted . good luck !
Read the book he 's just not into me .
Mayb she is mad at you ha ha
Are we not human too ? Why do men love to abuse us ? What do they get from that ? Somebody PLEASE HELP .
If you cannot stand waiting , you should just try to stop liking him .
Its all how you use it !
* * tosses hands up in the air * *
If you are a beutifull girl no and if you are ugly unfortunately yes
You will know when you are in love with someone !
Try , but do n't overdo it , it might scare him off ! .
All my friends had kids - IN HIGH SCHOOL - some got married , some got around .
Lol all the girlz at your school !
Booty call= 2 people meet up JUST for sex .
Take a longboat and 20 of your best men , seek out her house , PILLAGE PLUNDER AND BURN !
My bet is most pick Angelina ?
No one likes to eat alone .
If she loves you , she will look at your eyes ,
I Am uncut and have no bad smell .
If you are nat in love do not meek you are self a sleaf .
I met a really great guy and I 'm really happy .
Ther are guys that like thick girls .
If you visit down south again , try to notice what kind of smell it is .
Everything else is just so freaken confusing .
I 'm a girl and I 'm still not sure .
Then this girl in my class said that he LOVES her what shoul i do ? ?
It sounds weird I know but as a girl i do it too .
But guess what . you guys made us that way .
Rinse and repeat as needed . hopefully every day .
Before you no it you guys will b going out .
Why do n't you ask your mom
I hate that people talk about people behind their backs .
Its all pink in the middle
Haha , I have never used that excuse , that 's pretty lame .
I say yes it is wrong to fall inlove with your God Brother !
I think i have three as well .
We have to kids together and and i want to think about there feelings with what ever i do .
Haha , I have never used that excuse , that 's pretty lame .
I say yes it is wrong to fall inlove with your God Brother !
I think i have three as well .
Exercise more . that 's wat my guy does . he can hold out to 1hr plus . that 's da longest . if i 'm not wrong . =D
We have to kids together and and i want to think about there feelings with what ever i do .
Most rap , and hip hop sucks .
Most guys have strenuous jobs ( a lot of ladies too ) .
Hope that you can get some that can see that nice guys are way better !
He wants yo feed his ego .
If your over 18 i say look at bars , church , restraunts , and chicks walkin down the street .
Maybe he is not serious about in your relationship he just flirting
He 's right . you wasting you are time to a nonesense guy .
If YOU ARE IN A WAR LIKE THAT , GET OUT OF IT !
Just look him in the eyes for a minute .
And do not listen to people who say this site is not for dating , because they are just mean .
But he will not tell me he loves me even after a year and a half !
Yea sweetie - way too young
Go out with the girl that likes you .
N ignore him a little bit n the next time he asks you too the movies d n't go !
Because i ca n't stop paying them to be
Cuase ummm let us think . o ya caus wen they see sombodi prettier they will like them instead .
My girlfriend , did the same thing .
There ARE more girls than guys in the world .
If he DOES NOT act like that toward other girls , then SWEET ! ! !
2. hey , you free fri ( or whatever ) night ?
Tell your cusin i mean your stuck with him for life and you might drift away from your friends
Involve in another activities ! engage you are mind always !
I mean , they probably would have no idea what to talk about 9not that they should n't ! )
Well first of all , you should n't try to break him and his girlfriend up .
Sometimes women like when it 's hard . What ?
Just say , Hey , if I were bigger than you , would you still wan na be with me ?
Just read ladder theory , really should n't have , i have more guy friends than gal friends , and now .
If he says no , ask another guy .
He definitely is not COOL n'est-ce pas ?
Depends on where the piercings are
Me and my buddy did it a lot .
Lots of things which they do n't have , love , friendship , hmmm and * * * *
If he 's got an extra bulge in his pants
Y do wives have to gain weight and quit having sex once you get married ?
Yes you r 2 yug 2 b thinking about marraige with someone .
We love watching our loved one .
By asking this question to thousands of people
Take a hot shower wit alot of soap
But you need to move on .
Because he is a jerk that is disrespecting you !
Then from there anything can happen . if things are not so good at home .
We realized that age does n't matter if you really feel strongly for that person .
Eyes and smile * yummy * oh and the muscle factor !
He says he loves you , but that is not enough ?
Depends on how BIG Big Shawn is .
Married guys see nothing they want in the bedroom and go to the fridge .
But your not doing it as a couple .
Being gay is n't bad , but distortioning the concept IS
Some guys are just jerks and they do not appreciate what women do .
It just seems like i cannot find true love anywhere
Even if you say you forgive , you do not froget .
I 'm 18 , my boyfriend is 21 and we  are getting married .
And those guys are usually jerks , by my experience .
Bald is sexy , like porn star sexy !
Do everything to reach at a stage where you are money starts earning for you .
And then do what you know is the best for you .
Go to the doctor and see if maybe your depressed .
Beg him to come back 2 .
And strange fact is that you have doubt if you really bad person .
So no it is NOT cool .
Do Not worry the tongue do not even hurt I peirced my own but go get you are done professionally
There really are better guys out there , but first you have to get yourself back .
Hey i too am searching for a gf could you be the one if you do not mind plz ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
If you are ready enough to cary responsibility for family you build with your love one .
But I know he is n't happy .
Your really too young . you must be focusing on your studies .
I was wondering if you wanted to come .
I am 13 too , you should get a boyfriend if you meet a really nice guy .
But I know he is n't happy .
Your really too young . you must be focusing on your studies .
I was wondering if you wanted to come .
I have this problem i ca n't hold back my ejaculation or my orgasim .
I think you should go for it , have fun .
Gay men in a relationship do n't always have to use protection .
Because the other person HAS ALREADY moved on with their life WITHOUT YOU ! !
But I HAD A TUBLELIGATION ALMOST 10 YRS .
You can check out my question , under singles , and dating .
YOU do not have to look for anybody , everything might came spontanly !
No means no , weather it is a girl or guy who says it .
See I like this guy and I would LOVE to go on a date with him . HOw ?
No ITS NOT TO YOUNG BUT YOU NEED TO BE THINKING IF YOU ARE READY OR NOT .
Princess , Yours seem to be a popular question , on Yahoo Answers anyways .
It sounds like he 's probably only great when he 's getting his own way .
If you ca n't trust me , then to hell with you .
The boss paid both bills : )
I mean doing it from the anus
As long as you do not tell the guy you are having sex with .
I understand what you are saying becuase iam there .
Jocks are big and stupid and pointless .
There are some nice guys out there .
They are n't really men if they have to beat up on a woman .
And why do n't guys like me ?
I acted like i did n't care about him anymore but he still call .
Promise him a surprize on valintines night then brake up with him !
Bug him and try kissing him too
Why cannot they just say it to their faces ?
N E wayz your frenz probably r jealous now cuz your still a Virgin .
They are dumb untill they grow up .
But only if they keep themselves fit . no beer bellies !
Hey , i went online , maybe you can too .
Why cannot they just say it to their faces ?
N E wayz your frenz probably r jealous now cuz your still a Virgin .
They are dumb untill they grow up .
But only if they keep themselves fit . no beer bellies !
Hey , i went online , maybe you can too .
No ONE KNOWS , BECAUSE YOU DID NOT GIVE US ENOUGH INFO .
If you  are in love , you  will know ! !
Ask yourself what you really want ?
Or just confront him about it .
And if there are not any nice guys around then just stay single
Sure , you know actually , anything more than a mouthfull is a waste anyway .
But later the relationship will breakdown because he could n't please you .
Duhhhhhhhhhh they like with therir i 's
I do n't know for sure - it was so long ago .
To Pink Stealth : Could you please remove that brick from your a'ss
Do you know what it is ?
If you do n't have a million awkward silences then you are pretty good and have a shoot .
Why not skip dating all together . Go out . Bowl .
Just have a talk before v-day so you can skip gifts if you can
This means that he did not like you from inside his heart
I am not sure that bisexual girls and girl on girl kissing becoming more common but it cool though
I usually try to avoid kissing on the first date .
I asked her how she liked being teased and she said she loved it !
Maybe she is mad at you for some reason and you just do n't know what it is .
Sex after marriage is an old idea .
One word sums it all up .
My wife set me up with her .
There is definently better ways talk to guys .
Des hit it on the head .
And do n't worry about the guys who do n't look past your size .
Why should i feel pain , do i enjoy pain ?
That is so sweet he probly got to know you more after a year in a half .
If you feel like calling , DO IT !
To see what else is out in the sea !
Its because of the defination of the word soulmate very difficult
I think your wrong and your man really really loves you just like you love him .
I had answered you are other ?
Do you mean who do YOU love ?
Why do n't you try 2 find out his fetish fantasy
Lots of different stds because a nasty oder down there .
And she definitely said it because she was jealous .
And we think that is what guys like therefore we now appear even more sexier to guys
I have since re-married , and I still have MY life and I am njoying every second of it ! ! ! !
She cut his throat before he could scream .
Yeah that is why marriages lasted before sex was all that mattered .
I consider myself a pretty good looking woman but I get passed up for girls with obvious beauty !
My name pancho i  will show you a picture later and my * * * * is 8 inches
Just tell her you would not say no , if she asked you to be her boyfriend/lover .
If HE IS WILLING TO GO TO ALL YOUR SCHOLL DANCES GO FOR IT .
But only get married if your fiance or both of you are finaniancially stable !
Getting them to move on is difficult .
I Am right here come get me i am horny
Coz you are d only 1 left in dis group . !
What do you think i should do about it ?
If so , then you should give it a shot .
Probably nothing that would n't get censored by Yahoo !
If not just wait for a guy that likes you. if you are really ugly , i hope you are patient .
You want it to be something that you both enjoy .
But nice guys like that are extremely hard to find .
They were in my mind peace makers , i wanted someone that would n't mind fighting .
Men are hard to understand but you can get around that .
Can a couple regain trust after cheating ?
That guy will come to you soon !
When you get married you might accidentally cheat .
Heads = you are fun and cool , tails = not .
Uhh . Well , there are some hygiene issues there .
Can a couple regain trust after cheating ?
That guy will come to you soon !
When you get married you might accidentally cheat .
Heads = you are fun and cool , tails = not .
Uhh . Well , there are some hygiene issues there .
I cna really explain why guys do this except maybe they are afraid to get close .
Never oppose or disagree with him ever .
Yea expecialy when you dared her to .
I am friends w/ a lot of my ex 's .
How can you consider marriage before meeting the gal ?
For ME A RAP SONG BOUT ME ! ! ! ! ! ! !
( Was n't this on Seinfeld , pitchers and catchers ? )
Platinum - it looks great and is tougher than gold .
I think it would depend on the partners ability .
If you have to ask yourself if he is cheating he probably is .
Chocolates , shopping , you are best friend , become a lesbian . mayb . get another boyfriend .
Guys like to talk about sex .
He 's hanging out with you , right ?
At least I do n't do it in front of my man .
Am a girl & take my advice .
Sorry I put you right back where you where but is no lie
I really need help guys and girls
Well sweetie if you really are in love with him then forget about it and trust him .
It may take a good while , dude . best of luck nonetheless !
Just ask her , hey i was wondering , you wan na go see a movie friday ( or whichever ) night ?
The worst thing you could do is to get hung up on any one guy .
Do you c him at school ?
1 ) First thing , be honest .
Do n't try to control them they will cheat to get back at you
Please HELP ME SO WE A HAVE A CHILD !
Maybe everything she told you is a lie .
Look you need to start getting over him , i am sure there are plenty of other guys for you !
I was in love with a jerk , it was a need-love .
I Am looking for a hot grlr who is very willing to be my friend .
Austin texas . there is always something to do here .
And do not yell or berate us for no damn reason .
Yes you r. so if you want to be a good person then maket their relations like before .
Her personality , the way she looks , ect .
Guys dig it when ladies fight over them , so be aggressive : )
Stop listen to your self you met someone on line .
I do n't think anything would happen
What sort of genius are you ?
I would n't mind anyone ( chicks only ) replying to ethersteve05 for that matter .
Everyone is beautiful no matter what they look like .
So once he finds one he will stop his satisfaction for the flirting !
I look around in total wonder and awe everyday !
To die empty . after utilizing all my God given tallent .
You just got ta wait to meet that kind of guy !
Everyone is beautiful no matter what they look like .
So once he finds one he will stop his satisfaction for the flirting !
I look around in total wonder and awe everyday !
To die empty . after utilizing all my God given tallent .
You just got ta wait to meet that kind of guy !
Drink a little achohol to losen up , then go some where women are and talk .
It is the juices talking sweety !
What kind of women like shy men ?
Yeah , that way , you know that there 's more 2 sex like you are wife/husband does it
Last , did you know people change like the seasons and the weather ?
Sometimes my friend makes little stupid comments like this one time .
What Katie said is SO true- ( Great thoughts girl ! )
Well being gay your chances of finding someone do go down somewhat .
-k This is Turkish H. Yes , walking her to her lock would be SO romantic .
If he likes you he will be gratefull and unless you hate kids , that should n't be a problem .
Move ON , BUT KEEP AN OPEN MIND-IF SHE DID PANIC ; SHE MAY STILL COME AROUND .
You just have to like pay for someone [ or use the internet .
If you really love the one that is furthest away from you then you wouldn ` t do anything with anyone .
Go on a first date again !
Depends on if its the first date or not
If you do n't who will ( rock on with peace and love .
I do n't think Jesus would marry a muslim man , do you ?
Tried X once- loved the closeness I felt during sex .
The woman . actually we get a better deal on that because most men like just plain bands !
Honestly , this question makes you sound like a totally shallow jerk .
I  will give it to you baby !
I do n't look my age and i am a good guy .
Kind Of like the prince charming thing mostly strong and handsome .
Wow , pretty much everybody gave you a I 'm a jerk kind of answer .
That , most of the time , means he LIKES you , ok ?
In short . Repect your self . What go around . Comes around .
You can get a divorce for any reason what so ever .
So honestly more than a mouthfull is a total waste
Say Hey freek I do n't want yor company !
This is n't really happening to me I just want to know what you guys would do !
We sat down and he sat right next to us .
And if you get married do not have baby right away .
Then tell a lot of fat jokes .
A few diseases and/or a really bad aftertaste
YOU know i ca n't tell you that even if i tryed .
San ANTONIO , MANY THINGS TO DO THERE , BUT NOT EXPENSIVE .
Hire a private investigator . they are not cheap so be prepared !
Get out of the house and hang with friends .
Me , i am in depresion , do not know abot you .
Think about what your family would say if they knew !
How about trusting your heart and head ?
And i think that you r cute you should i am me 1 day or email me
So DOES HE LIKE ME OR I JUST IN THE WAY OF WHATEVER HE 'S LOOKING AT .
Good question . any details to go with that ?
Please HELP ME IF YOU CAN ! ! ! ! ! !
I think mature guys do like quiet girls more so than loud obnoxious ones
Make it sound nicer , like plump , for example .
I am an Asian and i have a really fair skin but I do like dark guys
Ask her if she is interested !
Stupid question . man wants opposite sex . and for ? ? ?
Trying to take control , threatining , hitting , bad history .
I have a good guy in my life that adores me .
Sry again and thanks for coming to my topic
Guys think the a woman ont defend herself b/c they would b scared of him .
Fat people are the best ones .
Slim , girl run for the hills ! !
Just wait until some guy ask you out .
Nah - you should just leave it alone .
Do it while she is sleeping or go to another room
Prove TO HER THAT YOU LOVE HER AND THAT YOU WANT TO BE WITH HER FOR A LONG TIME .
Yeah , I do n't think that 's the kind of question that should be asked here .
160,000 rs ( $ 3500.00 ) . but that is back in india
Even told her I would marry her to show her how much I love her .
Its hard but you need to get over it !
Then you can mold them into a decent man ! !
Every day I have to repeat the sequence .
Yikes . i  would take your time , especially if he ; s only 18 !
Or What would you get your DAD for his birthday ?
If you did something bad that he will not like , maybe . but if not , why worry ?
I hate you and I think that maybe you should just end your . life !
Tell her that her boyfriend is your friend .
Ever watch the movie American Pie when one of guys actually did a pie ?
No , I think that 's kind of mean .
Friends are friends til the end !
Maybe you  are not doing it right .
Get HIM OUT OF YOUR LIFE NOW ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
So I JUST THINK WHAT EVER FLOATS YOUR BOAT ! !
Friends are friends til the end !
Maybe you  are not doing it right .
Get HIM OUT OF YOUR LIFE NOW ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I think that men are because they cannot hurt you like a female friend can .
So I JUST THINK WHAT EVER FLOATS YOUR BOAT ! !
And nice guys are sincere and not fun n entertainer as those jerks are .
Just depends on what you like .
Try bein friends wit her again
( duhh ) now i just wan na make sure if it 's ok
Depends on if you want him to break up with you or not .
I Am very confussed and i would really like it if sum1 can give me sum gud advice . Thanxx Trish
A g string and sumthn sexy ! )
Ones that have me as a damsel in distress !
Geeks are nice , and overly self aware .
Relocation will not be a problem for little times .
And saying that is it will not do it .
What would you and your girlfriends say or talk about if that or something like that happened ?
And IF YOU ARE READY USE PROTECTION !
If you were my daughter he  would be in jail or get his * ss kick 4 touching my little girl .
Only if he is fine if he ai n't you can do better
Those are some ideas , hopefully they help !
You are , so far , good job !
I can tell she kind of like s me .
I asked why and he said I do n't know .
I think that you are a little confused , you have it backwards
If you are pimpin . she 's probably cheatin
But when men like to do is please his woman .
Especially if you truely love her and care about her !
If a 14yo cannot outrun a cabbie , you got problems .
Well most guys are interested in hott looking girls .
But do not do that ok , cuz that is a total stalker right there .
My dad died when I was 7 and I 'm 34 now and it still hurts .
Take it easy , only time will tell .
B/c when it some down to it women do have the upper hand on things .
Most guys like myself do not like to let our gaurds down for fear of bein looked at as week
Love not sex is the making of a good marriage !
So its upto you if you want him to .
Take it easy , only time will tell .
Most guys like myself do not like to let our gaurds down for fear of bein looked at as week
Love not sex is the making of a good marriage !
So its upto you if you want him to .
And I finally got over it !
So if you want a beautiful life , then give it to God .
I 'm not going to lie men are great fun , but not worth losing a true friend over .
Tell me , why you think that you are girl is cheating on you ?
Ni * ga you acten lyk a lil b * tch rite now quit n jus bang him
But it was gentle like it was apropreate for that night .
Many.but you are looking in the wrong place
Uh OH I CANNOT COUNT RIGHT NOW
If you have even the slightest doubt then do n't do it .
Just squeeze you butt cheeks its about the same .
We love eachother so much and we ca n't live without eachother.what should i do ! !
Well , do n't think having a different gender person as a friend is embarrassing , it 's not ! !
The best outcome being that he  would like you for both : )
Take them , who knows , maybe you  will meet somebody
We are always hanging on each other and and he always says he loves me .
No , you should n't have sex until your are married !
If you r getting married . y r you worried ?
So yes , i would rather love and loose than never love at all .
: - ) You can use that if you like .
If you know your guy then you should be able to tell if he 's lieing or not .
No , you should n't have sex until your are married !
If you r getting married . y r you worried ?
: - ) You can use that if you like .
If you know your guy then you should be able to tell if he 's lieing or not .
Like if you were closing your eyes would you know the difference ?
Yes and it is horrible to have everyone stare at you then comes the worst part the gilt
My bf hates girls kissing on each other .
Suck it up I say to her . use the support for what it is intended .
I want to give him something creative
But i am not sure you could go to jail because its a pretty high amount
But if you do decide to , do not have anymore kids than that , unless its because you got married
I like both wich 1 do you like ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Do n't do a half-a $ $ job at something .
Here Is an idea . tell your boyfriend to tell her ( infront of you ) that hes not interested in her .
Go to a bar or a famous rich theatre
Well . My legs are nice & long , but my ass is pretty wide , so .
Hes a jerk you do not just leave a person hanging like that .
Whenever i make a mistake they really do not harshly punish me .
Or a male friend of the family ?
If yo have any good edvice plaese let me know.thanks
Is he who he says he is ?
Boys are not that haed to find but make sure you do not find the wrong type .
When YOU ASKED , AND IF IT WERE HIM , YES .
Unles it 's a guy they are discussing .
And yeha ' I loved him and could not see myself with any one ealse .
Most any guy will jump at being with you .
Boys are not that haed to find but make sure you do not find the wrong type .
When YOU ASKED , AND IF IT WERE HIM , YES .
Unles it 's a guy they are discussing .
And yeha ' I loved him and could not see myself with any one ealse .
Most any guy will jump at being with you .
You are pathetic to break up with a guy because he dose n't look good .
First BE a FRIEND to HER/HIM .
Or just a relationship for the fun of it ?
I just want to see what happens when you find out THE HARD WAY !
Chances are , if he 's the type never to call you , he 's not waorth it anyway .
Hell ' yeaha ' you get help of you tell him to go fu * * hiself , beacuse your better than that .
Go to avatar.yahoo.com if you have'nt made a avatar yet .
First BECOME ARACNIA AND THEN JOIN LINKEDIN OR DOOSTANG .
Bill-you are not supposed to tell any1 about that !
And I would n't change a thing !
I have complete confidence in you .
? . dnt try to portray urself as someone else n just be urself . AND YES NO LIES AT ALL ! !
No . I got married on Valentines day , and it was a disaster .
Find a new one , his best friend .
If he is a sincere then he is mostlikely not leading you on .
So they tend to try to live them thru there children .
You could try talking to a friend or family member and that may help
More than likely the guy your with is just dealing with sensation overload .
If i had to guess , i would say it menat you danced so much it wore through the rug
Ask GOD TO BLESS YOU WITH ONE .
That 's just a rule of thumb . If you have to ask . then its not love .
If you think she  would be angry then do n't do it .
Trust me , if he told you that he loved you , you would not like him as much .
Small candels . wrap them yourself with little bags and tie pretty ribbon around them .
How much do you love your bf ?
I do n't k now what he is expecting . and HOW .
If you start doing something and it does not feel right . stop .
That 's the way to do it . turn it up another notch !
Sometimes it is blessing in disguise
But hey , I guess if you want to , and you treat each other right , why not ?
But do n't get worried he just might want fellas night out with no ladies interruption .
Just ask him if he with any1 esle and what does feel for you ?
I do not think its rape if their both willing ?
Take him to court if he does not respond .
If they like it stay with them .
Ok I got married a few months before I turned 21 and then I got pregnant right after .
Ca n't be that much if you cheated .
I think you only love YOURSELF
Just because . strangers in the night , aids in the morning ; )
Then tell him you guys can just be friends .
Otherwise , he 's a really great guy , so if you  are going to suggest dumping him , do n't bother . it 's not gon na happen !
Sounds like you are . your owe worst yackety yak !
Then tell him you guys can just be friends .
Otherwise , he 's a really great guy , so if you  are going to suggest dumping him , do n't bother . it 's not gon na happen !
Maybe tell him sorry , you are a really great guy but I do not see you that way .
It takes a lot of time .
Girls just love waiting . guys love collecting
Probably wondering if there is love and kindness out there for you .
Smile and feel amazing that someone finds you so special .
Weird guys have a way of attaching and hanging on and stalking . etc .
How DO YOU GET A GUY THAT YOU LIKE 2 ASK YOU OUT WITHOUT HAVING 2 ASK HIM OUT ! ! !
You HAVE TO STOP IT IN THE BEGINNING !
. WAIT it 's the best thing to do .
Be RESPONSIBLE . RELAX . AND LET HIM PROVE TO YOU THAT HE IS THE REAL THING FOREVER . GL
Why not just go for a kiss and see what happens ! !
If he 's worth keeping , the next time she flirts with him he  will tell her that he 's not interested .
Do n't worry he is out there , not to far from you now .
I married a man 3yrs younger .
I do have some redneck tendencies but i am a thugish freak .
Probably , you have never made ANY mistake in your life !
But I am begining to see another side , the one where he is married .
It sounds like she needs to set some boundaries with her husband . and FAST !
Do n't go out with someone like that .
Unless you are fat and hideous or he is .
Does she want a big chunk of ice ?
You want to go to Lubbock !
YOU MEN MAKE US THAT WAY LOL
Bluntley ask them keep your pride in that
You should n't look for a guy .
Old enough to bleed , old enough to breed
Have them drop you off about five blocks away .
Greet him with a hug and a kiss .
But you , well , its ok for people to date younger dudes .
Maybe before he found you he used to flirt with every girl he saw .
But you have 2 ask him !
And JOCKS ARE WAY HOTTER ANYWAY !
If the date was going well then yes
If he does n't like you , that is ok .
The right one will come along !
Since i am a guy . yes kiss the girls make out with them . its normal .
Then once uve thought about it make you are decision
Sure I WILL PICK ME LOL
Love is not something you go looking for it is something that just happens .
Or something really special we can do .
Do n't talk to him till he talks to you
From very far away , unless you want to get smacked .
Simple and sweet is how i like it , but most all my friends are into big rocks .
Let him rest for at least 30 minutes .
Here are 4 things to do while not in bed .
She 's white and sort of a party girl .
Excuse US BOSTON GIRLS ARE FINE !
Go to a friend to help you out
Yeah really , ask him hey , do you want to go out ?
Posture , self respect , great smile , height and stuff
Last you need to ask yourself will looks become a problem
My priority used to be friends , family , . but rt now i had to change my prority to only money .
It depends on the woman and you really need to see what yours wants .
Ummm . when you walk together , walk close to her .
Nope , not by a long shot .
He or she is using abusive language .
I guess just try to say it as nice as you can . Good Luck !
It WILL MAINLY HAPPEN WHEN I GET MARRIED TOO I AGREES . MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
So HOW CAN I GET HIM 2 ? ? ? ?
Yes , personally i like them small .
You  will be happy when they are around , always !
No , it could spice things up a bit .
Should mean that he likes you .
I am really sweet and i do n't look that bad .
If you know her colors , then that would be a great option .
I take a shower everyday ( almost )
I wo n't b thinking about that for another 2 yrs , unless you have permission from you are parrents .
How would you like it if someone did that to you ?
But also be sure he CAN trust you !
But the answer is - because boys are dumb .
Obviously you should n't tell him the real reason - but I think you are n't giving him a fair chance .
I just do not get it .
Hair in a bun and eye liner and mascar does work great .
Duh . Its possible for a guy to get horney if he 's doing _ ?
Be careful so you guys do not ruin the frienship you have got .
What I mean to tell you is that I 'm not good for you .
Internet bf 's are simple and you can express urself more .
Fulfill his fantacy . i am sure you will enjoy it too ( even if you said /thot you will not )
Maybe , they for some reason do not want him going out with you .
The same goes with my cat . uh . sir feline .
I myself would just tell her .
O.k.- did that answer your question ?
Do n't have one for your info. ! !
Then if there is not , say fu . you bi . , i thought we were friends !
Valentine 's Day is just for stuff like this .
Everyone ELSE IS GOOD TO GO .
You really do n't know what that is ?
I small breeze blowing the right way can make a guy aroused !
Jewlrey , but definetly a teddy bear .
But wait so you do n't get hurt .
Try TO EXPLAIN HOE YOU FEEL
No but reassuring him wo n't cost you anything if it gives him peace of mind .
Guys are pretty simple to please .
Go take some dance classes . the kind where only females can join .
Well just tell him you like him if you have luck you will recieve it !
Aslo the job thing i do not know what to tell you with that .
So blaming it will not do . be cool and control your life .
If he is freak then I do not know I like freaks .
Well just tell him you like him if you have luck you will recieve it !
Most people do not want a fat woman or man unles they are a fat man .
( go find him ) and just be a good friend to the other .
Looking to get to know females .
Should I finally say somethign and what exactly should I say ?
Tell her how pretty she is .
You are only younge once so enjoy it ! !
There 's only one way you  are going to find out . ask him !
But if she does n't answer your phone calls is she really you r friend .
Hey girl you is so right if this is a gilr tell them nigga 's who really in charge
Who cares about the Barbie doll ?
Yes start taking a shower at least once a day !
Me and the guy started talking in june , and we  are ready .
Tell her while you  are treating her to Pizza Hut
It depends on what kind of man he is .
Well if my ex gives child support i  will gladly take it , its the ex 's responsibility too .
Nathing kan stap true love .
Nobody , if you have to ask .
And there are girls looking for guys out there !
When i recvd my first mail.from .
Do n't get him to , just ask him yourself .
I do n't know but I sure would be happy to have a Dear Abbey lol
So just b confident and right after you forget about this problem you  will find someone amazing !
Second the guy that will not kiss you does not love you or he is scared
I only have 1.Coz nobody wants to be friend with me . = (
But you need to keep in mind that its not you are fault .
So just b confident and right after you forget about this problem you  will find someone amazing !
Second the guy that will not kiss you does not love you or he is scared
I only have 1.Coz nobody wants to be friend with me . = (
Yes you can talk to me virgindam @ yahoo.com
Well his kind of a jerk if hes doing that to you
Refrain from stairing at her boobs . ha just a little joke there .
But it 's good to reward dad right away with some type of loving 8^ )
That Is kind of how i am now so i think i should know .
But on the other hand the things some women 's deal with can send them to nutville
Not with me because with you will the time of your life .
If you want a boyfriend go and get one or let them com to you
See with your eyes and feel with your heart then you wan na find the answer !
It 's like anything that really breaks .
A guy that can provide protection and is cute . perfect ! ! !
It does n't work that way ; just like guys , girls are attracted to different things .
They wll be deleted once you close them .
Move on , that happened to me before , twice , and we are still the best of friends .
Thank you & always remain yourself ! !
Tell them all to get a life , and find some good friends who have better values .
Do n't go looking for trouble ok love the one you  are with
What ARE YOU LOOKING FOR IN A GUY ! !
He thinks i  will cheet on him but he will not come out and tell me .
If he says no , then wait .
Drop me a photo of yours !
This is a legal fact and very eye opening !
And do n't worry about what your friends think .
Trust me it is not better , you need help raisin a kid .
I mean , you can do it if you only have one , but its still hard .
I 'm a guy , and I like thick girls .
If you like him so much then tell him !
Do n't seem too sad to do n't seem too eager .
When do men loose there drive ?
Your doc can revers that operation easy .
Pre-love sex is bad , if you do n't love/trust/care , you should NOT have sex .
It will not be easy but you can do it !
How you think and what you want ?
Then how will you look at your wife in the eye ?
Its especially cool when you take off
Sweetie , do n't count on your looks to get you a bf .
He cheated all that time but i love him and have gave him a dercison me are her .
You said she 's rebel , what makes you say that ?
Do n't get me wrong . it 's all awesome .
Buy manolio 's used and broken electronics !
Not yours he loves me , not you .
In other words , HE 'S NOT WORTH IT ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
It ` s the same thing it ` s different only if the hot looking girl is more experienced or vice-versa
You could allways try a pen friend if you do not wan na go thru old channles .
Its when you steal tears & still care for Her .
If she ca n't stand not seeing you , then it would probably work
And they would know it  would be a harder relationship than one with a guy who 's NOT in wheelchair !
No it is the same it is all about you
Its when you steal tears & still care for Her .
If she ca n't stand not seeing you , then it would probably work
No it is the same it is all about you
What man would n't love to hear that ?
It is just sooo intense when you kiss I mean really kiss .
If he ca n't trust you then it wo n't last .
Learn HOW TO SPELL . would be a good start
Oh this is an essay question .
Hello . Maybe it is just me !
Please do not tell me you are an adult .
Yes you are . ask for forgiveness
I have a wife and a girlfriend .
Which ever one is the husband part .
Or even considering it , Why would you not try getting help first ?
He wants nothing more from you than your body .
Dump him , dump hiom in the trash lik he is a old fat sumbag !
She thought it was so funny , that when I asked her out , she said yes .
Do you like this , tall women with big eyes or what tell me in details
Or even considering it , Why would you not try getting help first ?
He wants nothing more from you than your body .
Do you like this , tall women with big eyes or what tell me in details
Why do not yopu get a girlfriend in the mean time to keep you busy ?
Its a secret i at least that is what the last person said .
. he says . that he wants to hang with you ?
I hope i able to answer you are question and give you the insite you were looking for .
There not your friends if they do n't except you because of that !
What if you knew you lover would not die , but instead would betray you ?
The man on his back with the woman on top facing away .
Well if you love him that just follow your heart.it will tell you what is best .
Remember only you know what is best for you .
Do what makes you happy , If he loves you it will not matter .
You  would be ruining months of planning .
Take you are own decision . do not ask help from others on this matters
Don'ts : You may not use Yahoo !
Cuz that 's the kind of thing on many porno movies .
You could be Bill Clinton for all I know
A normal kiss on the cheek
He tells me hE misses me all the time !
Guys always say that they want sex with no strings attached .
There are certain guys who do n't even look for looks , all they look for is personality .
Both are good to have i choose love
He tells me hE misses me all the time !
Guys always say that they want sex with no strings attached .
There are certain guys who do n't even look for looks , all they look for is personality .
We are nuts because men drive us crazy !
He vowed to support his wife and love her . guilt and conscience .
I think ya both has some sexual confusion issues .
I bet she ate tuna to lose weight 4 you
Formal weddings just never appealed to me at all what is the hubub
. I had to walk to the other side of the house to get my wallet . HEADS !
You are never to young to get married .
Ok , ill let you in , we do not care about $ $ or your cars horsepower !
No there more fish in the sea forget him and move on okay be strong
Yeah 2 very different things , in love , romance is always present but in romance , love is not always applicable
First off see if your boyfriend would be up for a 3-some .
That Is very interesting . the better you feel about the person- the better the sex feels .
You should tell him you like him if you are hot .
Love that is the most thing girl are looking for like me
Honestly i have a hard time having emotions let alone opening up .
My husband told me he loved me only after knowing ea .
I had a friend for 25 years and last year i had sex with his wife .
Especially if you really like him and know he 's shy .
YOU can surely get the number but when you call , apologize for intruding in her privacy . ! ! !
The number between 68 and 70. just kidding
If you feel bad about this then I do not think you are a bad person : )
Men are a dime a dozen !
Be yourself and ask a lot of questions . pay attention .
Use rubber and prepared to get your anal analized .
Nanny cam , or the show cheaters or private detectives .
Not sure , but i 'm glad you  are not a hoe , whore or a slut . Where are you from ?
Let him like making love to you then he will always be good to you , men like sex .
And . listen to what your heart is telling you .
Hey I 'm 19 going on 20 and I 'm getting married this summer also .
Its hard to let go , but sometimes guys just act like a child .
If she penetrated you , then you  are just kinky .
Yea right that is a lont time .
Walkin up to a girl in person is much more real .
Its OK to think about them , its called memories .
If she penetrated you , then you  are just kinky .
R YOU the shy kind of girl ?
Yea right that is a lont time .
Walkin up to a girl in person is much more real .
Its OK to think about them , its called memories .
Well first thing is probably not to try too hard .
Teddy gary , i do not apreciate that.that leads to addiction , depression , an even suicide .
We are not nuts . there are times that we can seem it but most of us are perfectly sane
Wanted know is he the right one !
I am a little shy but i do open up after a while .
Lots of good food , free booze .
Most of them are losers now .
Usually they want my phone # but i never just give that away
Dude , Your 13 do n't get a boyfriend yet wait till your 16 like me
You have to read her body langage when you get close to her
But I jumped on that ass so many times its just stupid .
9 times out of 10 !
Of course it is possible . but that is not the case all the time .
Tell them to get a breath mint
There are so many ways to please a man .
Unless he 's 16 , or 15 , who cares ?
Does n't matter who did what to whom .
I do not have nuthin against you do not kno you so i cannot say ne thing boutz you
You can not find love , it has to find you ! !
It can be just hanging out and doing something .
Listen to her , see what SHE wants and needs .
I have about 10 that are my real friends
I would like to stay longer but it comes quikly .
? any guys out there who can help ?
This is going to sound really strange but I need to ask .
When I see girls wearing that kind of clothing , I say to myself , what an arrogant b * tch .
Developing , oh that would be great .
This one girl keeps flirting with my boyfriend and i want her to stop .
If the child/children involved are yours , you do n't !
Stop asking people i am a siciatist talk to me at maxxruby @ yahoo.com
Honey its called std 's and aids you can still get them from anal sex .
But it should n't b just cuz it 's that day .
You do not tell her that is the reason .
The first time I ever saw my wife , was in high school .
If you  are REALLY in love you  will know ! ! !
Honey its called std 's and aids you can still get them from anal sex .
But it should n't b just cuz it 's that day .
You do not tell her that is the reason .
If those girls will not accept you because of that , then you do n't want to be with them anyway
Just tell me this Q i can tell after your reply
But I 'VE BEEN ON THE BEACHES OF ST.PEAT FLA .
If it did then move on .
Think about the guy you love and weather you love him enogh 2 get married .
You say this : ( Name ) , I do n't think it 's right for me to lead you on .
Can you tell when you would feel the real essence of love .
Three things : Me , Myself and I .
Or hey do n't get that whip cream on you are clothes i do laundry !
Most likely . just say hi and like start being friends with him
Do n't just be nice , be interesting , charming and fun to be with too .
Lmao i like your answer , too true ! !
Why r you so far behind ?
Do Not stres urself by beeing obsested to find a girl !
Take it from me , my friend once told me 'Gosh !
. anyway , I had classes with him so I had to see him whether I liked it or not .
Guys do not normally like being horny in public .
Oh . what an easy question . beacuse women are SEXY .
A guy would have to be a moron to not go to second base just because of boob size .
Me i am me my name is here is my yahoo name
We guys are dogs , most of the time . is he gay ?
A guy would have to be a moron to not go to second base just because of boob size .
Me i am me my name is here is my yahoo name
We guys are dogs , most of the time . is he gay ?
Yes that is good for a couple to make them hot & also to know new sexual positions
Just be real and do n't try and pretend you  are something you  are not .
But it will b hard if you shy .
Rhytmic gymnastics make girls un virgin ?
When I went to visit my gf at her place . magic happened
If he has not forgot the past by now , ,he never will .
If she says no , DO N'T PUSH IT !
If your under 18 i say look in the mall for chicks .
Well there is no blood relation so no its nto like he is your blood brother
The link below give you a lot of information .
But to answer your question , NO its not bad .
Do n't let insults get to you , instead , gai sum self-confidence and be HAPPY ! ! ! !
Talk 2 him and slap the next girl who starts 2 flirt !
Its hard doin it by urself .
And , it 's not only bi girls who do it .
For a little bit of fun !
He  will go like : You get your biatch arse back in the kitchen and make me some pie !
I Am in the same trouble an di have no idea of what 2 do or 2 tell them .
Find SOMEONE THAT CARES ABOUT YOU .
You do not need to have a lot of friends to be happy .
Well ask and if uur cuzin gets mad say you got ntheir first
After you figure that question out please let me know
Boys are as crazy over girls as girls are over them
But if you like him/her , as in the love like , then .
Anything that will destress and give her a break !
Do n't look for an excuse to get out of the house .
Especially when you left your heart ( you ) behind .
( smile . ) Anyway , you do a decent job as Abbey .
Everybody is right you are young you will learn in no time
I know from experience once a cheater always a cheater ! ! !
They have lots of meet and greets .
He may just be thinking it over and could think of no other way to tell you .
Since i am a country girl.i am from south carolina .
How well do you know him ?
But do not be a fool , wrap your tool .
If you do n't like him you do n't like him .
Find a lover , worked for me .
She split up with her x bf over a year ago .
Make sure it 's something you like too , so you do n't seem desperate .
Or IS YOU CLOCK TICKING AND YOU JUST WANT TO HAVE A BABY WITH/WITHOUT A DAD .
Which one means mor 2 you
You , in something from victoria 's secret .
Absolutely . boobs are not the only factor with hooking up , just an added bonus if you have them ; )
You should definately ask him out ! !
Or maybe she has plan for that date to make it more exciting !
Just say i do n't think it 's going to work out .
Date someone hot , take pics of her .
Do n't worry at least you gave it a try .
And i 'm proud of who and what i am .
Ohhh hell yea i do it all the time
If you do not have a child , then a child .
Anyone WITHOUT A JOB OR ONLY WORKING PART TIME , DOING DRUGS , AND PEOPLE WITH DEPRESSION PROBLEMS .
When my fiancee told me she  would marry me .
Do n't forget the attitude then maybe she will get the point ,
I do n't think they realize how ridiculous they look .
Do N'T LET NOBODY TAKE ADVANTAGE OF YOU .
I hate of this work , when he love me , why he want that othres come in to our private ? ?
Start doing nice things for other people .
Hey BE WITH WHO YOU WANT TO BE DO NOT LISTEN 2 YOU ARE PARENTS
Jus call her baby you ca n't go wrong or sweetie those always work
But you might wait and see while you are persuing other playmates .
It was still special to me even though it only cost $ 20.00 .
Do it till it 's raw and itchy
Buy her chocolate women love chocolate
You should not be doing this this is truely wrong !
16 is n't too young to be thinking about sex .
Have you ever told him that you love him ?
Keep in mind though , that 77 is always better than 69 .
Yes it happens all the time
But you better figure it out soon !
Well , I personally will not date younger guys .
Sence it 's so little , they get tire of waiting .
No offense but tell them about .
.do n't know but I am going for the points !
If they say that they  are parents made them than they probally not lying about it .
Secondly , you friend DEFINITELY does n't hate YOU .
You should not ever choose boys over a friend .
The girls in my school will not accept me as equal because i am a virgin .
Hey , you should n't be so hard on yourself .
The kind where you learn to dance for your man , maybe even using a strip pole .
Why would he break up with you on valentines day ?
You should not ever choose boys over a friend .
The girls in my school will not accept me as equal because i am a virgin .
Hey , you should n't be so hard on yourself .
The kind where you learn to dance for your man , maybe even using a strip pole .
Why would he break up with you on valentines day ?
Then , if he still looks clueless , kiss him .
Some of us learn to appreciate a really nice guy !
Um . mcdonalds and then a walk i guess .
But me , I do not really see a point in what I just wrote : P I 'm just a kid : )
I think vixxenkitty hit it right on the mark with doing the math .
Can i change his thinkings style habits
I ACTUALLY THOUGHT OF SOMEONE IN FLA .
Life is so beautiful ; just look around you .
Dude LOOKS AT ME AT LEAST ONCE A DAY .
Looks fade . but kind actions and words last forever ! ! ! !
So yeah I guess it is possible .
Well I am the cutest !
If he would wan na talk it out tell him .
Get over him and you deserve better .
But 4 realb what if you did that sh * * then what .
I think its just cuz it makes them feel good about themselves .
I Am sure someone would be willing 2
Do n't tell her , but do n't go after her boyfriend either .
Or sex is the main ingredient ?
However , people can change . but , like I said , I believe the chances are slim . Good luck !
My friend i know its hard 4 you !
Look for condoms . wrappers , boxes , coupons , etc .
Why did you once turn her down ?
Think about what you will tell your kids son did i ever tell you how i met your mother ?
And if you  are not the one dying , then get busy livin ' !
And by then you will not have to worry about that becase he loves you any way .
No there will be no problem if you are love is true .
I have one and thingings are going great we have trust and we talk every chance I get .
She might not brush her teeth
What about- you  are a real friend !
I hope you know what you are doing . because it could get real ugly real fast .
When a woman loves a man she  will do everything in her power to make that man happy !
Some guys are just flirty and friendly , though , and act like that toward all or most girls .
Everyone knows only guys do that kind of thing , right ?
Some there whole body shakes some there toes tighten up or goose bumps .
Go to them and say hey !
When you are really finished with this guy you will be REALLY finished .
What if he had followed us home or something ?
The same thing happened to me i dumped him because he cheated on me !
I had to reassure him that no matter what i would n't return to my ex .
A lot of girls are experiencing because it is sexy ! !
You should just say i ca n't do my homeboy like that but i had a good time with you
No , do n't throw it all away just becuae your freinds think your wierd .
Until he calls . actually- do not wait at all .
Not to mention your strong right hand ; )
Because men hired investigators if they suspect .
( my kids are 14 months apart ! )
Immeidietly when she got to iran , everyone there despised her untill she covered up !
It 's gon na come back to haunt you one day .
Why he is trying to punish your sister for your father ? .
She can give you away too you know .
Women love to be flirted with .
It has n't came out yet but you should start looking
Do n't just sit around and think of him it  will just make it tougher .
I could n't ask for nothing more .
Looks like you got the answer to your question .
Is your gut telling you HE IS A BIG CHEATER ! ! ! ! ? ?
Obviously he is not . move on and find the REAL love of your life .
2 ) When he comes home .
Uh , guys have 6-packs with the washboard abs thing .
If it really is LOVE and not LUST then you will feel it deep within you !
What kind of stupid question is that
The person closest 2 you that you believe is special enough 2 do it for your father .
She does n't want it to get into the wrong hands .
Why did n't you think about this before getting married .
You know , a lock . what could you do without a lock .
I really really agree with mona !
But they can also keep their original name : )
I mean , they do not see me as their daughter .
Ask her eat much garlic , bet she wo n't smell like catfood .
Please take what I said and use it .
Deep DOWN THEY REALIZE THINGS WE DO NOT ALWAYS LOOK AT .
He TOLD YOUR MOTHER HE WANTS TO BE WITH YOU ? ? ?
No if you get 2 atracted ( not sayin you will ! )
Its not just girls that feel that way about guys .
Trust me , looks change , go for personality
Be yourself and joke , smile , laugh .
Maybe that 's why he has n't said it .
Fight for it if you want it .
You should n't put yourself in situations like that .
Yet still go home to her .
Just hang out in the mall , and just talk to someone .
3. hey , a bunch of us are going out to see a movie/dinner/etc .
It wo n't work for some though .
Then a lil later bring some conversation .
Ago .HOW DO I GO ABOUT GETTING THAT REVERSED SO WE CAN HAVE A CHILD ?
Honestle to me it depends on which angle i see her at ?
I want her to understand & realize that I want to help and love her .
Do Not no woman want an aggressive man let her warm up to you .
Yea , I really hate when guys say they habe a gf but they do n't !
R you like sexist or something , cuz i do n't think guys are stupid or freaks !
Just want to know if there 's a way to get him to ease up a bit !
Place on table with a hersey kiss ontop .
Talk it over with your mom or another close family member
Do n't you know that on a first date you need to impress the girl not scare her off .
And always plan a lot of things when you will finally see each other .
When you lick a girls pussy while they suck your penis
Soap AND water at the SAME time !
Someone wrote no one likes to eat alone . Having sex alone is even worse .
But IF YOU LIKE HIM THAN YOU LIKE HIM ! ! !
Make it seem like a casual fun date .
The one where the hot guy kisses me .
Or is it a sign of desperation on my part ?
Would love to compete and to hang out with cute guys !
My favorite dreams are the one that I realize are dreams and I take control of it .
R you involve with such a person ?
You have jus got 2 know what 2 do with wotever size you may have .
Girls have to think LONG TERM .
But you have to take your time , you are young and you have too much time .
Angelina joilie her lips are incredible
I have a friend who always thought that the guy should be the one to call .
Now the difference is it is coming out in public , reviously it was just in a ver closed circle .
I am looking for hot girl picture real one not from any website any girl there ? ?
There is no way of going back .
I hope the world caves in you , if you keep it up . you  will deserve it !
But I really like him . Should I ask ?
If that does n't work , move on .
How about having him over for dinner ?
He just does not know what the heck he wants in his life .
I 'm a female and I wo n't even let a guy walk behind me .
You  will find out she 's not as great as she seems .
If you love him then you should feel devastated , but i guess not because you are asking this .
Maybe it 's that do n't care attitude or maybe they just stand out .
And if he wants it , he  will meet you halfway .
Make it casual like asking him for the time or commenting on how nice his shirt looks .
3rd choice - your best male friend .
Maybe your not his girl yet or something !
Why you do not have it to measure .that is why you r asking others .
Now a days it does not really matter .
No matter how hot you physically look .
I know that is not the answer you  would expect from a guy but hey life is confusing
I really do n't believe in generalization .
Most of them does n't have photos at all .
On one hand your boys want to hang out , play bocce , and watch the Braves .
I do n't think so , unless you are a guy .
What ever you do , do n't fall for that whole if I put out then he will like me line .
Maybe you should try asking what to do so that he will not break up with you !
Like a cd of his fav band .
Is it really my fault that i get urges and there are guys all around me ?
Come ON GIRL YOUR NOT A LOSER .
You probably should n't ask her to eat with you at lunch .
No sense of fighting over a guy unless you love him deeply .
I know how hard it is !
And I DANCED WITH HIM ONCE ( KIND OF ) AT A PARTY .
I 'm not a fat single momma either !
Apparently girls like guys with skills .
Usually after your dr. says so . after your six week visit
I ca n't speak for all women , but I myself think alot like the ladies in the movie !
Maybe wait until you are both in your twenties , so maybe when he 's 22 or so ?
I hereby present you with my DUMB QUESTION OF THE DAY AWARD
He probably watched to much porn .
Then you will see how lame he really is !
I do not no what to do i am so torn please help
I do not , i think that is too kinky for me
And yes importent thing is you are career which should be given a priority .
You do not have to just go out with me .
When he stops , run like hell and then hide .
Just do what your heart tells you to do .
I think it would be lonely , especially when you want to cuddle .
My ex was so stupid , he answered without thinking !
If he is n't good enough for her , do n't kid yourself , he is n't good enough for you .
Spend a day or weekend taking care of just her .
Best advicetell him you  are taking a break .
It also depends on how long they are in there .
But . you will have to find the best way to get an Invite from Him ! ! ! ! ! !
So dut so horible , not to accept in my opinion !
He dosent like you and does not wana hurt you are feelings
Ofcourse guys get horny when they see us ; )
Do n't try to be one of them you have xxx when you are ready
Give your head a shake , girl !
But then , keep the mace handy .
I cannot say its too young but you do not want to just give yourself out .
Brother , uncle , grandfather , good male friend .
But trust me it probably wo n't happen that often .
She  will move away a bit when you  are too close for too long .
We are talking ideal here . ok ?
No matter what you decide to do , good luck p.s .
! in which is not a good time to ask me any important Q 's because i cannot talk ! !
Get help before you screw this all the way up .
Any way try not remember it !
Any where from 9 to 75 ,
Does n't matter as long as they dig me then i 'm down
I just think that maybe a country boy for me might be easier .
You  are either pregnant or your not pregnant .
Well . It sounds like the same thing I Am going thru .
See what I did there , I made a joke .
I really do not think there is any thing wong with liking girls feet but you just plain freekin weird
I do not know . i think it 's probably because they  are . scared or feel awkward around guys in wheelchairs .
I have n't but i 'm not anti-sex
I  will tell you what . your wife married you because she loved you .
Well my guy did . =/ third of all , you should try waiting things out .
If you like him then you should n't try to convince yourself that you do n't .
Ull find the right one just do not try to force it !
Some women say it helped them alot .
Put my words to the test .
His friends might just be messin with you .
I do not know there is something so fake and lame about it .
It that a pic of your girlfriend ?
You do have friends. , you just do n't know it .
Cruel to the guy you were in bed with .
It 'S REALLY GREAT TO TALK ABOUT COMMITMENT ON THE NET-IT 'S LIKE VIRTUAL DATING .
If YOU RFREE TYPE N OPEN WITH YOU ARE IDEAS ALL KIND OF WOMEN WOULD LIKE TO TALK TO YOU
I also know a lot of guys who cheated .
I Am in the same position get creative whacking off
Just because you filed does n't mean you do n't care .
If they are going to be in there for a few years then i would say no .
The PLESSURE FEELS GOOD BUT ITS WORTH THE WAIT .
Hey John , do n't worry about getting us a wedding gift .
Well i am pretty country and i suppose like country boys but sometimes i fall for them thugs
I always show him that i am strong but its hurt so bad inside .
You Are in bed with this guy , and you are on a totally different subject .
Typical guy answer : you stop being so insecure about yourself , that 's how .
Also maybe he has a problem with just that one friend and maybe he really does not like her .
If your really interested , why wait ?
Well he doesent talk to me as much any more and i do not know any more help me
But hey , at least if their not then you can rid of them ; ) .
How much did her hurt you ?
I love to torture guyz lolz
Even if the sex is concentual ( i think i spelled that right ) then its still rape .
If you go on places that have like NORMAL PEOPLES . OF COURSE YES
But hey , at least if their not then you can rid of them ; ) .
How much did her hurt you ?
I love to torture guyz lolz
Even if the sex is concentual ( i think i spelled that right ) then its still rape .
If you go on places that have like NORMAL PEOPLES . OF COURSE YES
Ughh , it 's so annoying and stressing .
You should really think about what your doing !
A lot of guys like quiet girls - more so as they get older .
With the love of my life !
So i would pick the geeks , hell , i have always picked the geeks .
And you say you always get it ?
( $ 10 ) one time we just went for a walk along the beach ( FREE )
If it is only liking DO N'T ! !
Enjoy your youth , you do n't need to rush life .
Will he think I did not care at all ?
I think the city is ok .
Maybe you should just keep being friends .
Just be yourself and do not try to be somebody .
Hope next time you  will find your Mr Right .
How old are you by the way ?
You could learn how to spell impress
If you really want true answers .
Even after that , do n't bring it up yourself .
Any ideas why hes so distant like that ?
At least he does not want you for one thing .
Fate did n't drop this guy in your life .
Say , Listen , I do not mean any disrespect , but you kind of smell .
But no thanks 2 many sharks !
Walking with her down the hall to her locker is a good idea .
Use different oils , hot wax , maybe some icy hot ( not in sensitive areas ! )
If you really like her just go for it .
Many brides will say I do n't want a big wedding .
They tend to not want to be with one girl for too long .
It matters how he is in general .
Only IF YOU REALLY LOVE HIM . PLUS WHAT THEY DO NOT SEE WILL NOT HURT THEM . THAT IS ONLY IF IT GETS THAT BAD
That why in malaysia we not recommend married under recommended age .
Those girls should f * * k off , they are a bunch of sluts with nothing else to do .
My guy friend who really likes me is goin to be at my place in less than 20 minuets
Please do not let a bunch of girls influence you just so that you are accepted : Good Luck : Blueladybug
So you are like a girl on the side ?
Cook and clean - but there is more to it than that .
Was it with the right person ?
I 'm glad you asked that question , i have the same problem
I hope we do n't get hurt , and caught.well good luck and be careful just like i have too .
This depends on your relationship previous to now ( old friends , new friends , classmates , etc .
I think its realy important for a guy to ask this .
Then you  will see if she 's really a nice person or just hot .
Hey tracy i do n't think you  are too young .
Sorry babe , but guys are mean
Meanwhile , he goes back to his Wife - who shares his house , money , etc .
And i ca n't see myself with anybody else .
No , love does not have eyes .
Apparently they are not THAT stupid , it just seems that way because our intelligence surpasses theirs so much .
Like sisters . if i burned 400 calories in 10 minutes , i  would fall asleep too .
The World is Round & the Net is HOT !
I also do n't have any girlfriend.i think we can be friends .
It should b when ever you feel like it .
People who meet but jus 2 do tha grownup . strickly . but sometimes it leads to serious mess.so be careful
But do not do it just because the sex is good .
Yucky diseases that EAT YOUR ASS OUT ! !
Why would you even think he is going to ?
So , you ca n't be just kind of smart .
Give her something really nice for her birthday/special day .
I would said somethin to someone
Men need time alone or hanging out with their buddies .
Why would you even think he is going to ?
So , you ca n't be just kind of smart .
Give her something really nice for her birthday/special day .
I would said somethin to someone
Men need time alone or hanging out with their buddies .
Boys come & go but friends are forever . ( or should be ! )
Which came first the egg or the hen ?
Are you that much of a glutton for punishment ?
Good luck on finding the right guy !
All other mentally disturbed people r in assylums baby . !
Washing will help a lot & you two can work out some other things that assist .
Well to me about 21 or 22 .
How can you decipher when you would be in love or just infatuated wid some one .
You have to advertise , so folks know you are out there !
So be happy with that : )
My boy friends blue eyes and he smells very very good
Get a job , and make it a career .
If someone you date have onion smell . help !
Why do not you ask your Gal frnd
And have your kids go to alateen .
I do not even need to read any other answers .
Should i give him a chance ?
Good luck girl , because this stuff is tough to deal with .
Some men learn differently later in life , but many do not .
If you were his girlfriend and a girl tried to break you guys up , would you want that happening ?
Put A BAG OVER YOUR FACE
But if it were the stuff in dreams , he would n't cheat !
What would we have done then ?
I bet you say that to all the boys .
Good question , never thought of that .
It doenst mean that he does not love you , they just need their space like we do .
Yo boo , its hell of fish in the sea .
Do Not ! that would crush her i am sure you can find another reason .
They WOULD PROBABLY TALLK ABOUT SOMETHING LIKE MATH .
You just have to take it day by day .
If you have to ask then you are .
But what matters is the guys attitude & performance during the deed . lol
Ok this is yahoo answer not find a partner .
My friend made out wid my cousin 's boyfriend should i tell my cousin ?
You simply cannot , i found that out for myself
Say i 'm sory people make mistaks i did that onece
Hay me and thanks for answering my q
There is always other guys out there ! !
Oh dear it is just a matter of testicles , they produce it 24/7 nonstop : p
There ARE SOME GOOD MEN LEFT IN THIS WORLD .
This one , but I will answer it any way .
Mcdonalds , Burger King , Whataburger , Wendy 's , Checker 's , The movies
Well i never saw in your question you say you were cheatting on your wife .
With the lawsuits . make sure if she is the type you do n't give her anyreason to sue .
Yes there is that word that women throw at men all the time .
The one catch is that you have to get up and do something ! !
It is okay to talk .
To much make up looks bad .
YOU will know if you cannot go without talking or seeing or thnking bout her for a secound .
Just do what you think is best .
She is gon na do what she wants no matter what you say unless you threaten her .
You sound like you like him a lot .
I Am single , but i 'm a girl sry lol
But , that does not mean he is in love , or loves you .
Hope you get it worked out .
Explain it to her that you were out of your world when that happened .
Abusive dose not just mean hitting , it also means verbally , emotionaly , or/and pschologley ( spelling is bad , sorry ) .
Enjoy highschool while your in there .
Sorry but there are n't lot of girls with their photos .
I also work with her every day & she reminds me of it each day .
Do n't ignore her and just pass by .
Good luck and do not do this .
You gon na have to play cat and mouse on this situation .
I had one deleted for adult content i said SE * . like six
If I FEEL SOMETHING SPECIAL FOR HER , I WOULD !
If your thinking of other women then who is thinking of your wife ?
If your marriage is so bad that you are cheating .
I think he was though , mainly because most girls suck at picking guys .
And then there is me which i 'm not racist , but i just like black or dark skinned guys better .
How could you cheat on your wife and then How could you ruin your girlfriends life
Email me if you can christine_chicago @ yahoo.com
He always says : Life is long . and I see it the completely opposite way .
I wish i had a swing like that in MY backyard .
I do n't know I have to meet you first !
You dudes on here might wan na rethink your answers and questions ! !
But I consider myself the most mature out of my friends who are 21 also .
Do people have to be married to have sex ?
Give HER A CHANCE TO EXPLAIN IF SHE DOES .
Sex after marriage is an old idea ? ? ?
But I consider myself the most mature out of my friends who are 21 also .
Do people have to be married to have sex ?
Give HER A CHANCE TO EXPLAIN IF SHE DOES .
Sex after marriage is an old idea ? ? ?
Wih romance sometimes comes love , but with love there should always be great romance
I am in general doing pretty well , it is just I feel weird about telling people .
Your best bet is to ask him what is up !
As close as she feels comfortable with .
Do n't come out and say i 'm in love w/ you and i 'm dying to jump on you !
Just know you  are really in love ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I just want to know is it okay to date younger guys ?
There 's a big age difference , uhm . very big .
But there might be someone there that you might not know about .
Like you said your ex-gf married a 65 year old for MONEY .
Walk her to her lock or something .
1. it 's hard to find true friends these days .
Guys like a girl who makes the first move .
No GEEKS WOULD SO BORE ME .
Just tell yourself , i know he loves me and i know i love him .
If you ask him out & he says no , do n't let it bother you .
That Is all you need to do !
What is she using the money for . her own self !
And is there any way on changing their minds ?
You wan na call him or her ?
I been in a relationship for 6yrs .
Guys . you know when you are girl is on her period and she really does n't wan na do anything , right ?
Wow sister you are in a tough spot !
Maybe you and miss who wants to be my friend should get together .
Iam male of age 23 .Pl help me ! !
The both of you would probably be better off if you forgot about him !
Hey what 's wrong with being thick ?
Too long and you can get hurt with that thing , too short and you ca n't feel anything .
Or ' you can beat him with a frying pan to teach him not to fu * * with you again : )
. because , for a lot of them , it is very trendy and en vogue right now . ask any psychologist !
Leave him now or , find out the hard way .
She says she does n't like him , but i know for sure that she does .
Not physically but mentally . yup !
Your Cheating your Wife . and ruining your girl friends life as well .
Well what address did it come from ?
Pretty much whenever you really like someone , 12 or above
A vacation for just the two of you .
The majority of woman beaters wo n't fight a man .
Do Not worry though the right guy will come along and like you for you not you are looks .
Fourth of all , it may be best to go after another guy .
That all depends on the girl who 's getting the ring .
Do n't call him , wait for his call .
I sometimes think of kissing a girl but I think I just ca n't do it in real life .
People are just different , especially men and women .
But . skip all of that if you do n't know what i mean .
God made them that way so us men would have something to post on yahoo answers
An example : my friend had a big argument with someone my BF knows . well over 3 years ago !
I also wonder about the same thing sis !
Then do so , even if you only drive around the block !
It is something that just is wrong .
It might turn out to be the best relationship you 've had .
Does this mean what i am thinking it means ?
But CALL HIM USING YOUR CALLING CARD .
You go girl and forget about that jerk .
Wait untill somebody else tells you
Does a guy that do that really love you ?
Do Not worry if he was interested he will call .
But if she says she is going to kill herself , DO N'T BELIEVE HER ! !
Oh , but wait , you already gave it up to that guy . what was his name . back in high school ?
Baby , some times that works great .
Keep in mind that you two are siblings once in you are life and that can never change !
Buy HIM SOMETHING FROM VICTORIAS SECRET , THAT YOU WEAR .
Being too sensitive then that is pretty messed up .
First of all , if you love somone you want them to be happy right ?
Get out while you can girl .
Still wud advice you to be cautious .
It is THE worst thing you could ever do .
It 's all about conversation , really .
Keep looking he is probably a cheater .
Go hang out , hear some nice free music/poetry , get yourself a cup of joe and introduce yourself .
The sad thing is that us guys are doggs , and were pretty much after some easy p * ssy .
What do you do when you have a friend that is a girl but you want to make it more
First OF ALL , YOU NEED TO SERIOUSLY TALK TO YOUR HUSBAND .
March of last year , he lived in a 3 bedroom apt .
When you cannot stop thinkig bout this person he/she is always on yor mind
Have have a question about him its does chris woody really like me .
People have fetishes and they deserve 2 have them fillfiled .
The answer is not A or B it is E and Z
Then you have a choice to make , do n't you ?
I have a strange feeling that baby daddy do n't like to be with one lady .
Because they get a lot of attantion that you see and you wish you could get that attation
Keep shoppin till you find the pair that fit right in all aspects .
But if she does n't the you  will know .
Are 23 year old men immature ?
Yea wat r you waiting for go for it GIRL ! ! ! ! !
All ANSWERS TO LIFE 'S WHY 'S AND HOW 'S CAN BE FOUND IN TIME .
Love and lust do not go hand in hand .
Get YOU ARE BUTT OFF THE COMPUTER AND FIND ONE ! ! !
There goinna be a lot of ugly girls in there seventies with all these silicon crap lol !
I love him and want to be with him and he is supportive and cares about my children .
I need God more , though . without him .
It would kill you if you do not .
Love is when you really care , protect , listen , get along with , and like a person .
Chat online if you are lonesome !
Also depends on you cuz I Am jealous and i would not want her to say been there done that .
If you like him well do it !
I 'm looking for a word I do n't see there 'monogomous ' .
New boy friend will do it for you
If YOU LOVE HIM , YOU WILL BE ABLE TO OVERLOOK THIS AND TAKE HIM FOR WHO HE IS .
No do not do it unless she is a total bitch !
I PERSONALLY ENJOY BEING COMMITTED , SINGLE IS OK BUT ONLY SO MUCH YOU CAN DO BY YOURSELF .
I FELT LIKE A LOST PUPPY ROAMING AROUND NOT KNOWING IF I WAS IN THE RIGHT SPOT .
Stop TALKING ABOUT IT AND TELL HIM ! ! ! ! !
Nm i do n't want to know .
If you really loved your boyfriend you would not need anyone else .
Think about and then be honest with yourself .
Then do as some unwise person said , give it up when he asks you .
Try and surround yourself with people who truly love you and care about you .
She /he will always be there for you no matter what .
I like it too and i thought i was the only one !
Some enjoy it a lot but some do n't .
Tell you are husband if she like her frankly Good luck .
Ashly do not go out lookin 4 tru love , it shood really come 2 you .
Your way too good for him .
Well i need answers from someone with experience
YOU ca n't wait for a formal invite forever ; )
I know , it 's a cruel , cruel world .
You should only have sex with someone you love !
If yes then she is a sl * t ! !
They are locked in her car .
This boy we are clos but just friends everything alike
Oh my goodness . You truly want to wait .
You NEED TO KNOW YOU CAN MAKE IT .
It even rained on my wedding day and I would n't change that either .
Find a nice pet and some friends .
Strip off all your clotes throw him on the bed and fuck him
Share a secret and see how far it goes
You do not want to spend your life asking What If
Mmmm why do n't you tell him you had a date and he 's not invited !
Act cool but not dorky cool .
Guys today like girls who are assertive .
If there is doubt , get the heck out ! ! !
I personolly think your in love .
And i knew that he was the guy that i had drempt about , about 1 year before .
My husband always keeps himself well groomed ; he smells sooo good , NO nose hairs , hair trimmed ; washed ; and combed .
If both are fine with it , then it is OK living la vida loca : )
Mail ORDER BRIDE Then let them do the whole wedding thing
If there was n't then why did Christ die on the cross for us ?
He SAYS HE LOVES ME AND WANTS TO BE WITH ME BUT HE DOES N'T ACT LIKE HE LOVES ME .
I should know , being a man and so .
Throw tradition out of the window . girls ask guys out more and more every day .
My HUSBAND HAS OCD AND HE DOES THINGS LIKE CHECK THE LOCKS , HE DOES THINGS MULTIPLE TIMES .
The next time it could mean prison time for him . AND YOU .
Yeah from what i 've heard they do
I do prefer bigger girls and I do prefer brunettes .
I told the guy I liked , that my friend liked him , but she really does n't !
Look in yahoo people finder or names data / google
No matter how bad you want to advance .
You  are just looking for someone to tell you it was OK .
Hmm nope have n't had any dreams like that before
And usually from then on , they  are thinking about the first person that they ever had sex with .
What the hell game are you playing ?
I 've heard they have bigger packages than asian men .
You probably have some good resaons
Find yourself the first hot looking ho and bang her like a salvation army drum !
A guy needs to be a lil taller than me but i usually fall fo short ones lol
One friend of mine , even got married .
I can not believe that you live with him already !
What is not adultery , sex between man and wife .
Start hanging out and it should go pretty good from there !
Then it felt dirty and made me sick .
( this was something I did right ) For every choice ( dress , banquet hall , etc . )
All over do not be afraid to talk
Or their love can go deeper then that ?
Do Not ruin something that you fought for so hard .
Becoz as you said he moved on immediately .
You can tell him I think you blew it , SEE YA
I bet with a little smile you are a dream .
Or try to get him back .
And do not tell where you are moving to.LoL ! ! ! !
I try to stick with that .
Right now iam living with my parents .
No she is not a friend unless you had already told her that it was okay .
Stay , because if they  are your soul mate love would be all that matters .
Treasure your family and all you hv now ! ~ argument is just a dust compare to the whole universe !
Yes , respect her as a sister and set aside that fight for your sister to be happy ,
I guess because all girls are cheaters too .
Go to the lewis store and buy him a fascinating jeans .
You could always ask him : - )
Never had one yet ( well kind of wen i was 11 but not really )
Women JUST NEED TO TELL A MAN WHAT SHE LIKES AND THE MEN ALL WANT TO KNOW , TRUST ME .
If flirting does not work , move on to somebody who will be interested in you .
While most women say things much nastier ; like we are dating their little brother or something .
Blonde , light complxion , blue eyes , skinny B .
If you makin friends here around or just gaining some knowledge frm chatroom then it is intentionally good .
You do n't want to get hurt if he says no .
Of course you should hang with a guy you like .
Try imagine that person stuck with you every single minutes of the day until the day you die .
Let me tell you-my wife is a larger lady , and not at all easy .
Money is tight and there are children involved .
Then try to pick up the pieces afterward so sad !
And 350 is alot to spend on a bf of less than a year .
I 've heard different opinions from different people .
Some just want to rush things to put a baby on you that is not yours .
Good personallity . n sence of humer
Of course it happens to me all the time
He does , he 's just waiting 1 more year to avoid jailtime .
Some just do not want to be alone .
You buy dinner one time and they will the next .
Maybe you should try and meet someone that does not go to the bar .
If you do n't then that just has problems written all over it .
Why do you fart up juice ?
How old r you that is such an immature question
Ya definiteli . this is da wae to show that he enjoy da sex that he had .
I personnally think that you should lay off the asphyxiation practices .
I have alot of girl and boy friends .
I do n't like you try your luck to other girl .
I was kind of loking for someone to .
Most guys only tell you they love you for one reason .
I mean its just people loving each other : ' [
Explain exactly how you feel to you are wife and how important sex is to you .
Remember this , once you cheat , your more likely to do it agian .
The features i look for in a guy are : sincerity , honesty , compassionand comprehension .
I want to run to a friend and tell her about this great guy I 've met .
Me : Well that 's a dumb question to ask , no why would you want to anyway ?
It depends what kind of love your talking about ?
Sex is bad - do n't have sex !
Was she related to josh penland ?
YOU should first know what it is . best of luck .
After I came out so did about 3 or 4 of my other friends , so it could benifit .
Nah , dump him , or he  will keep on oing it .
Well to bad your in chicago
You may even have to settle for mr right now
No because it will make you weak
Do n't let your head with ears get too swollen !
She may be nice but she is way too nosy .
The answear can only be found with in you . Good Luck .
It would never work , We  would fight and I win
Listen , I Am gon na keep it real with you aight .
Yep but it does n't mean i reject daily requests : p
A 21 year guy should not have started dateing a 15 year old Jail Bait girl .
I guess I 'm in the wrong place !
Never GIVE OUT YOUR NUMBER , ANYONE CAN GET YOUR ADDRESS VIA YOUR PHONE NUMBER !
Think about anything but what you are doing !
She 's got you on the backburner ! ! ! !
If HES GOOD IN BED GO FOR IT !
But alas I do not know where to start looking .
Dun scare she you are type of cup !
Wait , and for sure do not call him , the whole thing is a game !
Keep him and just watch the fooball games with him .
Well the good thing is that ya  will kids get along .
If you keep moving the boundaries - how should she know what you really mean ?
He does not grin or show any emotion at all .
Not having any hair , makes her look . pre-pubescent , and that just seems wrong .
Guys today are wimps and wishy washy .
Now THIS IS JUST AN EXAMPLE IT HAPPENS LIKE THAT WITH EVERYONE I KNOW.WHY ?
For a girl , try late twenties .
He says that i am the right girl but hes to young .
If she leaves , it means she does n't want to go out with you .
. because their partners do n't know what to do to please the gal .
Actually I believe most women do n't com .
Well GUYZ LOOK 4 BREAST AND BUTT IT TRU SORRY IF I OFFENDIDE YOU
Go up to him and comfront him about you are feelings .
On basis of which i can tell you you r doin bad or rite .
YOU wo n't be able to get over it , you could only forigive him ; If you want to .
If you are just trying to hurt them , no .
You could always go on the show the bachelorette !
And know whether s/he is really what you thought s/he is .
I know I do n't want to tell my mate everything I did in my past .
Been there done that seperated now
: ) Anyways , you ask what Love is Blind really means .
If they are afraid to let you know . they are too insecure for you to deal with .
Nothing is wrong with dating someone that is chubby
And short phone calls just to say I love you !
If he does n't like you , it would not be very much fun .
If you  are a kid , romance should not be an issue .
Did something bad happen on the trip ?
Try out her idea of a little relationship & make it grow
Put urself first just this once and maybe you and i will know what 2 do . good luck
Guys have you all ever considered that as an option ? ?
If YOU ARE OUT OF LOVE THEN IT IS GOING TO TAKE A LOT TO BRING SOMEONE BACK . GOOD LUCK
All you do is stereotype about guys , trying to make girls looks like ANGELS , FYI , girls cheat too .
I could not have said it any better ! ! !
If no matter what the sex if someone says they would rather shack up and its better than marriage .
Should I leave her and look for someone better ? ?
Chasey Lane . and do you really need a reason ? ?
Plain and simple a true friend would not do that
And lick places you might not think he  will like ( but he will ) !
Probably not I do not think i do .
I feel like i 'm ready for love .
I guess that I am still old fashioned that way .
And also rent meet the parents its just funny !
Be a big girl and do likewise .
Best bet is make a date of it .
Certain std 's can lay dormat for up too 7 yrs .
I see him at a bar I go to .
Introspect urself when you were his GF . did you burden him ?
He and his son do no wrong .
I always feel so bad and I do apologize but I know the sting is still there .
Quit obsessing about it for starters .
My boyfriend is 5 years older than me !
Marriage IS ABOUT FINDING YOUR PATH AND UNITING IT WITH ANOTHER TO MAKE ONE .
Well love makes you do crazy things .
And there are so many flowers to choose from !
Your guy will surely be hurt if he finds out that you 've been going out with this extra guy .
If your friend is gay , you do n't have a chance .
And no , he wo n't notice you .
Barbie.com but first ask dad or mom !
You married your husband because you loveed him .
If he gets a girlfriend she always gets mad because she thinks we  are too close .
No MADAM YOUR ON YOUR OWN WITH THIS ONE
Where do the average jane work ?
You also know that laying with same sex is a sin .
Then you must use you are talent .
For others , it 's like climbing Mt .
Yes well what my freind said lol
He sounds like he would be a lucky guy to have you !
Only guys that have the courage . if you do not make a move first , some1 else might ! !
Because its natural and you know your body best and knows what it likes !
It 's ok to miss your love and I hope he misses you to .
Do Not get involved until you r absoluteley sure .
Don ; t be like me and my boyfriend .
Do you want to deal with this the rest of you are life ?
How can i find him for a divorce ?
Nevada city is where i sit
Are you saying there unarractive because the guy is n't with you .
Just curious as to your thoughts !
What ever you are doing , always do your best .
Life IS WHAT YOU MAKE IT GOOD OR BAD AND SO IS A RELATIONSHIP ONLY THIS TAKES TWO .
You have to be strong and tell him NO !
( BYW , i work in the ER ) there are diseases that this can also spread .
I would n't exist , and neither would music ! ! ! ! !
Buy that ring get down on your knee and ask her to marry you do it this week
I think tattoos express how a person sees their life . and actually some tattoos are very sexy ! !
But for now she is with you .
When YOU ARE IN LOVE BELIEVE ME YOU WILL KNOW IT .
I met a guy on net .
But be prepared , if she just wants to be friends , she will not what to become more than that .
Frankie beverly 101 . Joy and Pain are like sunshine and rain .
Fake ones are obvious and obnoxious looking .
Ok , girle - first , breathe !
If you really like this boy , I suggest you ask him if he likes you .
I Am not the smartest person so do not anyone say report cards .
Hope you have fun with the wedding and with scrapbooking ! !
Once cheated , stupid me , twice cheated , stupid you I would think long and hard if he cheated on you .
One who can keep a secret forever
And you  will get many girls with your moves .
Or am i just kidding myself ?
Nowhere , all men are jerks one way or another .
Just do what you feel makes sense and do n't second guess yourself .
It 's not cool to write like this , it just makes you look lazy .
I think it makes them look more dangourous . lol .
No there is nothing wrong in pleasuring yourself
And I just ca n't see myself having the heart to hit her like I mean it .
( if the guy has a clue at what he is doing ) they are all good for something .
Searching for boobs is not that much of a big deal .
What you never had you can never miss , man , just let it go !
I got three words for ya , Peeping Tom
No matter how much you love each other , 4 months it 's still way too soon .
You may wind up with no one
Then i went home and never heard from her again .
There are other fish in the sea !
He always calls eventually , so maybe I should just wait it out . ?
* Everybody gets what they deserve !
That Is not on my mind all day every day
Think about it for a second , is n't self love so much better , it always gives back right ?
Your 14-15 N thinking about having sex ?
They kept whispering , Is n't that that odd customer ?
I m sure you will find one for you to marry .
Umm . you should just tell him , and/or give hints ( meaning show that you care for him ) .
And who knows you might find someone your age and fall in love with him .
If you love something let him go , will come back ?
He never noticed how i felt about him , so go ahead and hang out !
I think it 's really cute : ) !
( He  will probly piss you off 2 , every once in a while )
No its NOT OK to have relationship with old bed mates if you are married .
Ever since i been a little girl i 've been attracted to girls .
I , for one , think about whom I am having sex with .
And do n't play with her boobs all the time , makes of feel like you only want one thing .
Lots of gstraight guys like butt sex .
Try asking him to do this for you .
I cannot even think of that .
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
You can do anything you want
If ya think he is gon na -wait ! ! ! !
Rent one and hang out in a park all day , you will be a chick magnet !
? send me as much answears possible
I have never heard of this before and i think its complete ludacris
This was totally wrong of her and broke your trust .
Not not really but it depneds on the chatrroom you are in : )
YOU need to be very careful .
A small Family . Kids are to mush work these dayz . lol
Because boys think they are Gods gift to women .
Whatup BABY . NEED SOME company . I Am a kitty kat and need a master to pet my furrrrrrrrrrrr .
Not at all , unless she does not like it , or is not in the mood .
But SOME WOMEN ARE TO SCARED TO TELL THE MAN SO THEY NEVER HIT THE RIGHT SPOT .
Wear one of my t-shirts with nothing else .
He swears its over now ( mostly because i always found out ) and swears he loves me .
Only if I thought it would lead to great make up sex !
That would be a nice start .
Medium because its not to big or too small
Maybe you sould make the first move guys love it
Y do men love to have sexs ? ? ?
Get YOURSELF A PRE-PAID CALLING CARDS FROM YOUR LOCAL WALMART / TARGET STORE .
Like them for who they are .
First kiss - 9. first date - 14
If they forgive you , then they are a friend true- blue !
I do not have this problem i am only in highschool .
You should keep them above your head actually
There is a lady who i know who i love to meet but i am afraid she might laugh
Should I say goodbye , or try and get over the fact that I hurt him so bad ?
Girl show him you got balls just like him , KICK HIS ASS TO THE CURB AND FIND SOMEONE BETTER !
Or buy him a nice shirt .
Do a people search . sometimes it costs about 10-20 , but it works
I could go on and on .
Well if its your house to i would n't put up with it .
Go to the Church . before it 's too late
Well , you see most guys get serious about relationships when they get 23 .
What do you get the perfit guy
Eat it if you do , throw away if you do n't .
You will know it in your heart , you can tell alot by looking someone in the eyes
I 'm doing great , how are you ?
You are at a good age,19 and 24 , that is sexy .
Because boys drive us crazy and they get on our nerves .
That might be a turn-off to women .
I even caught my ex at it !
Well it deppends how old you r
I would prefer that you find the perfect guy to spend the rest of your life with .
Why did you break up in the first place ?
Depending if the guy is really who he says he is .
It is good to have advice in this topic coze i was about to ask similar q any way .
If that 's not the case then i do not know .
If HE REALLY MISSES YOU HE WILL CALL YOU .
! it is how you use it !
And we hated keeping that secret.we both ended up getting hurt in the end .
Is it ok to have guy friends even though your man does n't approve .
You should sit both of them down and about it .
But if she gives up on you she do not care for you that much .
And FROM THAT POINT ON YOU WILL KNOW WAHT LIFE IS ALL ABOUT .
YOU might b ugly and not all woman like other woman
I say this from a personal experience so either take it or just throw it to the ocean . ; -p
How can I tell if she still does ?
Or find sum other hott person to have a drunken one-night stand with ?
I do , my cousin is the hotest guy on earth .
- She 's in love with someone else .
But why are you asking him !
Get her a ring , get down on one knee , and ask , will you marry me ?
This guy seems like a jerk .
Get a NEW some one fast
Sssshhhhhh do not tell him he will think i 'm weard
Things happen and you were just afraid .
Books like SMART LOVA CAN HELP !
Why would anyone want to get married .
Also i have this in my office P.C .
I think it really depends on the guy .
I have no problems with sensitivity .
I have the same problem with this one boy named chris woody .
More proof that women collectively DO N'T REALLY GIVE A RAT 'S @ SS about men .
Probably for the same reason white women crave black guys ?
I have the same problem with this one boy named chris woody .
As a guy I must admit that the quiet inocent type do n't typicaly stand out .
If yes , answer this , did you tell your friend before they started dating or whatever they are doing ?
More proof that women collectively DO N'T REALLY GIVE A RAT 'S @ SS about men .
Probably for the same reason white women crave black guys ?
Does he do nice things for you ?
All guys are not cheaters , many women cheat also .
Everything THAT HAPPENS , HAPPENS FOR A REASON , now she has someone she is happy with , and i 'm very much happy .
By The Way , have not you been cheating .
So i say , if it 's ment to be you will know . and time has no bearing .
She undecided so you choose no : )
In other words she probably goes down on him when your not watching
Damnit , what 's wrong with you people ? ? ?
That Is like my bf and me .
She  will begin to treat you like shit .
Because the majority of men want or have more than one girl
If you call him then you will seem desparate , and he  will feel like hes a player !
But do not sound obvious about it .
If he want to call he will .
I kno ita a 50/50 between guys cheating !
Converation might just dwell on the latest botique , hair salon . men will not relate .
( for example . is she holding a soccer ball , tennis racket , ATV keys , dog leashes , baby stroller , grocery cart ? ? )
I do not know if there is something wrong with me or what but I need advice . Please give me you are words
I have a big family and I love it !
I wonder if men realize the effects that heartbreak can leave .
But if they are truely , acting a fool then do n't worry , everyone else will notice .
Well does you are crush know that you have a crush ? ?
Maybe I 'm wrong but seems about right to me ! !
( I would n't put it past her ) If she lied to about that , then what else is she lying about ?
My Ex is an a * * and I am just kind of wondering why ? ?
For under 18 years its so bad , but for anyone as you i guess its so good , for kissing it .
Trustful always incourage me in doing good things
Alot of people have the time off !
This much < _ > no more , no less .
Definetly not you definetly need to look for someone up your alley of age
If he broke up with you , that sucks .
Not to mention fake a_ _ profiles .
Did you forget they are male ? ? ?
So you can hurt people you love .
So it realyy depends on your feelings for her ,
Someone that will not smother them and some one that is good looking
Using 2 instread of to , you instead of you , you are instead of your only means a couple of things .
In extreme cases ( the person has a problem w/ drugs or alcohol ) the silent treatment will not work .
Id be careful about who you give your number 2. id meet him before id give it 2 him .
( SORRY FOR THE CAPS MY KEYBOARD IS NOT WORKING LOWER CASE )
Tell her what you just typed .
And i am not gay i am a straight female : )
Must be something really big if you even think about not going to her wedding .
We leave for lunch , and she ca n't find her keys .
But guys , i want to know what you think ?
Well it simple to prove it
Am i abnormal ? and what do you think about him ?
For the two of you to become lover or just friends .
Odds are you are just her meal ticket .
Because she likes him and has done it with him . I 'm telling you she 's hidding something !
I liike a girl but she thinks that i 'm crazy .
It does n't matter if you love him .
I think about 3 times a week
Hi Annyian , nice to meet you .
My wife so busted me once way back when we were dating .
First , I want a woman , not a girl .
You do n't have to find it .
And of course you have a right to do this ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Alright the first answer was obviously from a girl , and i feel your pain man .
You got ta look inside yourself and see if you really do still love him .
Then she said- I had the best time , thanks !
You do n't have to find it .
You got ta look inside yourself and see if you really do still love him .
YOU were not in love to begin with .
You need to go uncheck that area where it ask for adult content allowed or not
Now that I know this , it is killing me inside .
The PERSON YOU LEAST EXPECT MAY BE THE ONE .
My guy and I are still together : )
At my school there are like 5 or 6 asians and I actually get along with all races .
Find a guy that wants you for you .
The person i was cheating with told him .
I think girls : butt and Abs Guy want abs and chest
Hire cheaters tv show , ne way there is no way b/c your own insecurities come into play .
Just tell them you love them sometimes words can mean more
None fo you are bees wax so give up on meeting the ladies idiot
I think flirting is nature and I do n't care what anyone says , everyone does it from time to time .
Remember BE NICE TO HIM .
Irritated or not , I 'm getting mine ! LOL
Probably not , but you know stranger things have happened .
I think it is all an excuse that they are tired .
Plan for any snafus and traffic .
If i have had s * x with an employee before ?
Tell him how you really feel n make sure he understands where you are coming from
Love going come when you really need it ; because i know .
I think your man is just jealous and insecure .
It 's not like girls are gon na kill them or something .
Sick mided . my friend : no , and i never would .
Well who has n't done it before .
Take no for an answer if she gives it to you .
Get on with your life sweetie , before it is gone .
Males are ugly , pigs everywhere you go !
Thickness . a long pencil is n't that great !
Lol yes i think so . does that make me weird ?
Just wondering if there are other men who prefer the couch ?
If yes , forget your friend , but sorry , there is nothing you can do about it .
There are two guys that like me .
That Is what I had to do , and I do n't feel a bit bad about it !
Tell her its time to help or leave
Feed your couriosity , but be careful .
Hot pink does it for me .
I ca n't imagine that he would n't be .
YOU jst come 2 the right place
Some are mature at 20 , others just never grow up .
That girl is getting married now .
Which begs the question , is it wrong when a woman gives it up on the first date ?
Go ahead and move on yourself and do n't you dare look back .
Have HIM GIVE YOU HIS PHONE # !
So many men , so little time !
YOU know how it looks when you are with some other girl
That would be the STATE your in . DUMB AZZ QUESTION . SMH
I did n't have a boyfriend till I was 17 .
Hmm . its kind of seems to me that she wants her cake AND eat it too .
Get therpy or a lovely linda doll !
Then dress up if you feel that way !
Sex is fantastic with the one you love .
Doubt it , it should be the person not the hair color .
You must be reaaaaaaly desperate dude ! ! !
We learned it from our mothers
I think when a girl is too shy , it might put the guy off
1nce you do it a few times you will not b so nervouse .
* SIGH * I think he needs to come on here and get some better excuses !
You just have a different love interest .
Sometimes the waiting can change you
Give yourself time to get over it .
If you are not a nigerian and not in nigeria then let me know your location
I hope it works for you !
Is that showing him that i do love him if i put up with it ?
Be yourself but if that does n't work nakedness is always an option .
If YOU THINK IT IS THEN YES
Well I 'm sure you want to be in shape too do n't you ?
Tell HIM WHAT YOU LIKE TO BE DONE DURING SEX .
Well it all dependn on you tel , him some444444
So i paid the guy 40 buck and he had it open in a few minutes .
You do n't have to if you really do n't want to .
You do n't want to start off with I love you !
You never gurantee that , just keep loving him and be faithfull and hope he does the same too
Did n't you mention you had a small johnny .
With a nice salad to start .
Speaking from my own expierence stay within your own age no older than one or two years at least ! !
Totally normal man go for it !
I am in love with this one guy .
Good luck and I hope you find the answer to your question !
If you looks for one you wo n't find one lol
Ironically some guys get jealous when their wife or girlfriend is close to her brother .
But you need to make sure they want it and lik it to
He might just be crazy & ask him !
Whether your a virgin or not when you feel sexy , then you are sexy .
I say , get your own place - think about the kids .
So , I guess I 'm going with small .
Omg that happened to me . i dumped him 3 times , and he would not get it .
Since you are trying to impress guys .
Be frank and listdown all things that make you sad !
Well you could ask the other guy .
Like i do not kno how 2 kiss n i am jus wondering .
And his loss . just move on .
YOU think slapping your mom to have a million dollars is worthed ?
Always REMEMBER TAKE THE GOOD WITH THE BAD
What it do and what is up ma ' .
Look around , anyone look , smell , sound , taste anything like you ?
Just the ones that are * * * * ed in the head do .
Really , what have you got to loose .
The bathroom sink . His height and the angle . woo hoo ! ! ! ! !
Because you can not be this dumb not to know .
And WO N'T DO IT FOR LIFE .
Men like women that are self assured
He should b committed to her or not be with her .
Yes . this was my date from hell ! !
Try it and you tell us
Pick up the phone and give him a call , it will make you both feel better : )
Us women are a lot like men , in the sense that we get a hard on too .
You should be looking for a manfriend .
By The Way thanx for your response to my question
To heck with that / & # 92 ; !
I would still love you because you are the same person .
You just seem to be going after stupid men .
If your a Guy , as soon as she askes for it !
So shy , goofy guy meets Miss Saigon and , Bang ! , happy ending all around .
Hmm the problem seems to be you dint tell him about us .
If someone hurt their love then it all about loving itself more than the other .
Hey I might sound cruel , but I am not .
Your acting stupid , maybe you shuld marry him .
It 's best to use a condom no matter what .
Nope but I do have a sexy birthmark .
Do fun stuff like ice-skating or something that might not sound exactly like exercise .
Do you NOT want sex all the time ?
Because our parents gave us names n other parents did the same so that is our parent 's fault
That is bad news . well r you still friends ?
What different do it may ? what 's it to you ?
Obviously you flirt back , or he still would n't be flirting !
One coupon for kisses and hugs . you get the picture .
Well i think that my guy cousins are cute but i never liked any of them
But she did n't notice me like that , and I knew it .
One you have to convince that you love them .
Me - 22 , her - 18 . We  are friends .
Longer , should have left long time back , but if you love him , stick it out & c .
So there is this girl who said she only wants to have a little relation ship with me .
If not then think of a comprimise . like maybe not watch but join .
Its not everyday you get a feeling like this .
Most of my friends are men .
They have to make the marriage work .
And yes i am still a virgin .
Trust me you are not missing nothing from a man .
If he 's interested in you , he will do some flirting back .
Do you think if he really loved me he would do that ?
I also wan na know how 2 change that .
I can under stand you are feeling , love is so sensitive , handle before it hurts us .
Sounds like puppy love to me !
Give him flowers ask him out to eat
There should be always some rules .
Get a life because it does n't . Nicky
Mmm . That sounds like it could be fun !
After reading others repsonses , ARE YOU GUYS CRAZY ?
If a bunch a guys are hanging around you then you  are probley are a pretty cool chick .
Do things to keep you busy .
If YOUR SECOND GUESSING YOURSELF THEN DEFINITLY NOT .
Not hating them helps if its a loner
The guy friend that I am looking for I have been friends with for about 6-7 years now .
If you love him you should trust that he would not do anything to hurt you .
I Have known a few quiet and innocent girls who got the best pick keep it innocent boys like that !
You get a feeling YOU  WILL KNOW if he is the special one or not
You if you do n't say it , either your or her if you do .
I 've been there more than once !
If i spent my life with people exactly like me , i never would have learned anything .
No , its not men or women being dishonest .
First do n't buy a cell phone unless you have a ring on your finger .
If it hurts than you still love him
O and give him hell about it for the next year .
Death : - Years passed , I looked down at the coffin of a girl who used to be my 'best friend ' .
Maybe cut back on the time you spend with him .
Most boys i know are really shy so they do n't come up to other girls often .
Well there is a difference between looking for boobs or another girlfriend .
Will i ever forget him ?
Girl you are posing the same question I did not too long ago !
Finally my boyfriend came to me and I 'm happy 4 once .
But if I had to pick , girls generally seem to like eyes and butts .
Make him realize you are serious about being friends .
So MOSTLY JUST LOOKING FOR GUY FRIEND TO TALK ONLINE HERE AND TO CHAT ONCE IN WHILE HERE ?
Then that kind of person should be avoided .
If you are serious about bein in love with her she probably , will not laugh .
Since then i have vowed never to cheat on another woman .
I do not think there is anything wrong with it
He says this is what is keeping us apart .
Yes for some . i love it
The time will show you the answer of you are question
Because it used to happen to me .
As for the cheating on with uglier parteners . that is 100 % not true .
Look at them.you  will get major butterflies if you love them.If you do n't love them break up
Wish you the best in life-may God bless you for ever .
It 's not that he wants to have sex with YOU , he just wants to have sex .
Yes girl find out all you can , after all its your world that man is entering .
Think about what if YOU were the one with the missing legaments . etc . ?
Big ones or small ones does n't matter .
They are full of nutcases , freaks and wierdos !
But it 's worth it , even when it fails .
Try to drop the bomb casualy and just start talking ( or writing notes in class ) and just say hey ! ? ! ? !
Hi , darlin ' , my name is Cowboy . remember that name because you  are gon na be screaming it alllll night .
Well , girlie , there is no good reason to cheat , so forget it !
Would it be selfish of me to tell him to get out ?
He would tell me about wild partys he had attended and had wild sex .
Would n't you want to have sex with someone who really cares about you ?
Wish you the best of luck .
But if i leave i get everything back but no lace to stay what should i do
If SOMEONE HAS BAD OPINIONS ABOUT YOU , THEY DO NOT MATTER ANYHOW .
Let me know how it goes !
And he bought me drinks and snacks during the game .
She Is asian but thinks asian guys are too short and look like aliens .
Brake up she is not worth your time
Do n't do anything drastic- just pretend that you lost something of theirs .
Or * Are you indifferent ( do n't care ) ?
Her dog just wanted to pick a fight with mine .
Do n't get it be more specfic and i  will try again !
But do n't let it be your cardinal rule .
Tell HIM WHAT YOU LIKE AND WHAT YOU DO N'T .
In the back of my mind I expected him to walk out on me again .
They do , you just have to wait for the boys to grow up ; )
Just start makeing out with him and say let us have sex
But i do know from expierience .
Yes but you did not say who I love 4 children all at once
He may think your weird , but if he duznt kno you it cannot be that bad .
If anybody ever tells you that size does n't matter they are lying .
No MATTER WHAT YOU THINK OR FEEL , IT WO N'T WORK , IT WO N'T WORK , IT WILL NOT WORK .
I HOPE I HELPED YOU ALITTLE AND GOOD LUCK !
Follow YOUR HEART AND NOT YOUR MIND YOU HEART WILL NEVER LEAD YOU WRONG .
I live here . And most of them have money and are really good looking .
Right , i like the answer above , she covered it all
Having faith two poeple who are willing to work together
Some just want to find them f @ # $ k them then flee them .
The girl I had wrongly fell in love with in H.S .
Once a week and i have to frucking beg for it its why i have had two affairs , wanted affection
Not at all , unless YOUR religion prohibits it .
Just my .02 cents . actually worth far less !
I 'm 30 and kind of will not to date a younger guy , maybe 23 to 25 .
He might be a total nutcase !
Unless of course you are both single and there is a chance both of you are reinterested .
Girls tell guys that she does not like him when the guys proposes to the girl .
Try joining a book club or somthing like that
My boyfriend said he loved me and I believed him .
If you want him and he 's free what is stoping you ?
Why DO YOU GET MARRIED IF IT IS NOT GOING TO LAST AT ALL THERE HMMMMMMMMMM ?
Take a wild shot in the dark on why we have names .
So be awear of guys in high school .
Hope i helped and good luck !
Her mom and dads full-size sit-down shower .
And do what your heart tells you 2 do .
If he starts acting like you have full blown HIV , you know what I mean ?
( If he did , he would definaely wait too . )
Has your friend ever been jealous , this could just be her way to break you up .
I know your thinking what do you know ?
I would never steer your wrong . Goodluck
Ask the guy what kind of relationship does he want because you are getting mix signals .
That 's a once in a lifetime oppurtunity .
I do n't know what you mean by mistreat .
There HAS TO BE GOOD COMMUNICATION ALWAYS.NEVER STOP TALKING TO EACH OTHER EVEN IF YOU ARE UPSET .
You should be gettin signals if she is in to you .
Communicaton is one of the things that got you 2gether so use it 2 keep you 2gether .
First you need to check his/her identity .
Wish you the best of luck
No , being sensitive is just expressing the way you feel .
Is that what 's best for your kids ?
! but i am not generalizing here , some guys still have enough decency in their bones
Split her chest cavity open and there it is !
Forget all that stuff what happeneds happends just think about the moment and her . Good Luck !
When YOU FIND OUT PLESAE LET ME KNOW ( LOL )
Yes . always be honest , no matter what .
No there is nothing wrong its in out Blood !
Geesh there are an awful lot of good looking guys here !
I went with my gut feeling and i was right.It will all come out !
I think Rose16 is right , but it is good to love everyone ; )
My girlfriend said she would trust me , and i never cheated again .
I think ( not sure ) that you should wait atleast some weeks !
I never bring anyone around my daughter .
It depends . are you still friends . then talk about it .
I think its 16/17 for girls , 18/19 for boys .
If you are a guy ask yourself an honest question : What was your first real toy ?
If she hestitate , just leave her and forget about the guy you like .
Koffee , I 've always said that I trust my gut before I trust anything I hear , see or read .
If you want too . but you have to face the consequence .
Buti want more than a little crush so what do i do
But b prepaired 4 him 2 go else where .
Hey , thanks for the great stereotyping , ladies .
Sometimes guys seem more fun to hang out with because they are not as girly as some girls can be .
Or he 's always trying to get closer to you .
If a guy has a problem with his gf , wife , ect .
I have the same question , some men are just plan senseless to feamle feeling
But BUT BUT Why is it a big deal when the guys tell it to a girl ? ?
I Am sure he would do it 4 you .
Yea let him get to know you
Giving a simple gift often , but unexpected .
Guys do n't care about the new fancy resturant that opened up at $ 150 per plate .
The website might help , it 's not religous or creepy at all !
English & grammar . you can do it !
Yes , if the guy is not .
This is ez . wait until he/she ask you for it . After Hi is too soon . after bye is too long .
It sounds a really nice but shy guy has a crush on you .
If she hit it off with this guy , maybe you should get over it and be happy for her .
I see it at work , in the streets , why is that ?
But if she will start justifying then ?
Yes i am if you need to write me you could e-mail me is nerlande14 @ yahoo.com
I would talk to him and tell him what you do like and what you do n't like .
I wanted her to be mine , but she did n't see me like that , and I knew it .
If you are with a woman who also likes it , then go ahead ! ! ! !
Ef you do not then you will never kno .
Well kiss like you are really in love with that peorson
If you are a man and married then it is ok BUT , 2 . )
6 1/2 or so I read
Do n't let it drag on though .
Yes i did that once and now i wish i would have said yes to him
You approach her by walking up to her .
When in love you want to give and give and give and give . and to heck with ever taking !
That being sadi . I have dated the quiet girl that was AWSOME to be with .
This is going to ruin her ( your wife 's ) life .
Already i succeeded a little bit .
I certainly do n't think it 's OK for her to secretly have those type friends behind your back .
I agree with MOST * of comments here . there has to be more too it .
And you know you do not want that .
But if ya wan na & that guy happens 2 b him , well then i do not know .
I like any girl who 's pretty .
Oh hell yeah , i 'm sure she  would understand .
Because guys like it . my mind 's in the gutter .
If you love each other and you all have your feet on the ground , you will make it .
7yrs ago i had a male friend who was very loose with sex .
Sit him down , do n't even mention his X .
But it is all up to you if you want to change for life .
But do n't expect me to pay .
Give him a black eye and tell him to stay away from her
Is this the same with guys ? ?
That is what you like go for it .
It does not hurt to try it out , if it does not work you can always move on .
I like those kind of dreams .
It 's got ta be- Baby you  are so fine , I  would drink a TUB of your bathwater
She closed her eyes and want to closed with you
For them until it 's to late .
If we did n't it would be very confusing
I am sooo glad i 'm not in your situation .
It depends on the guy . and just how shy the girl is .
If you loved him you would n't think that he was ugly .
Lol Georgio you da love stud hehehe
I Am single and the only guys in my school that like me are all real jerks .
The best man I  will ever have in this life !
Unless you have a reason , if there is any way for you to get out , you should !
Tough guys get promoted a lot ( e.g .
She asks if i am faithful ?
Its important 2 b able 2 relax cuz that really is not the best time 2 clinch up .
Knowing YOUR PARTNER IS ALSO A MUST , WHAT MAKES THEM TICK , HOW DO THEY SPEND THERE TIME , E.T.C .
You should marry him if he is in Mil .
If you love him ull try .
Yup , and this moment do n't will be i forget in my life
But that is got nothing to do with the question .
Yuck . please be a pseudo-nymn and not a real preacher ? ? !
And what 's nicer , a real or fake boobs ?
Wrong because this will definitely gon na because trouble in your relationship .
American men are seen as more powerful .
And what 's nicer , a real or fake boobs ?
Wrong because this will definitely gon na because trouble in your relationship .
American men are seen as more powerful .
If you need to use some lube ( like ky ) or something .
How about shy guys n shy gals dating ! !
Men LIKE BEING TOLD WHAT TO DO TO A WOMAN TO MAKE HER COM .
Do Not DO OR SAY ANYTHING THAT WILL PUSH HIM AWAY
Just trust her and love her .
Even when its in your mouth , swirl that tongue !
If she says she likes someone else that means she is shop'n .
Not IN MY OPINION BECAUSE SOME PEOPLE LOOK REALY GOOD WITH THERE WEIGHT .
28-34 is the age range I want but they are either waaaay too young , or waay too old .
Then go up to him and say hi !
Though I have to admit I have a lot of friends that have .
I see you do not PLAN to have sex , but things DO happen .
If you are really a preacher are n't you NOT supposed to be partaking in fellatio and stuff like that ? ?
Right now i have to tell someone i still love them so i do not hurt THEM .
Of course it 's ok to have guy friends .
I 'm married now with no bad feelings , and it is good stuff .
Yes big brown eyes are cute
Some girls are shy no matter how they look .
You know i think he 's got a big problem .
Finally i fell in love for real and have nnnooo desire for even the sexiest man .
. I 'm sort of disenchanted with the one I 'm currently on .
You will keep asking your self what if ?
You may think you are in love and 4 weeks later realize its just a silly crush
And also the way men are brought up .
Well you said you are a Christian .
Love is what people make it
I tried sport but no use .
I Am a beach bum from florida and I can spot a blonde amongst a sea of women
Easier to tell when he is not .
Most men lust . but sometimes i deeper than you think .
How do i attrackt the cute nice guys ?
Stay BUSY , GO OUT WITH FRIENDS AND HAVE FUN .
It 's not a problem , it 's awesome !
It 's like I 'm going to join the Marines .
Start with just the tip then farther & farther .
And lots of girls really enjot it 1nce they try it .
But if he still has a problem answering them then I do n't know what to tell you Good luck !
Do you now that it is wrong to be in love with your family member ?
You still should not wear anything bright ? ?
One coupon for a quikie ( my favorite ) .
My cousins are cute but I do n't like them that way !
And DO NOT SAY BOTH PLEASE LOL .
It 's just your jealousy talkin : )
Dishonor by marriage would be good for me , yea go abstinance before marriage yea
My princess are you out there ?
How do you tell aperson that you love him when he seems not to accept if love exist ?
I do not think so i mean Women are sensitive we cannot change that
- finding the word boobs in his google search
Mind if I ask you a few questions about said Avatar ?
Why try to love somone who will not love you back all the way ?
Or maybe i 'm just saying that because it 's friday and i do n't have a date .
Would you like to see her with another man ?
Now help him get over he 's ex .
It suddenly becomes about them . and so not about you !
Move your TV to your bedroom
: ) Hope it all works out .
I have noo idea ask him in a letter !
If you indeed love him . why mess with a good thing .
A friend of mine is doing nice things for me and my niece .
I finally confessed and we worked through it .
I have never had i dream like that befor .
I wish though , I really miss them !
I 'm a guy , so I ca n't tell you much .
If he loved you he will not be able to move on that fast !
Jus ask her wat you feel ? ?
Wut IS DAT GOOD FOR believe me i know !
Part on good terms and pursue her sister separably . but hey , maybe she might be into a incestuous 3 way . lol
If you DAMP him then you would have to do something to try to get him dry again . : - )
Problem is that I still ca n't eat steak following the surgery but , when I can . look out !
That way you will get bonus pity points !
If he let us you in on his thoughts and fears and everything about him .
I 'm not a woman , but I say WALK , no , RUUUUNNNN away !
It depends on lots of things , the most important is genetic
If you give and give but you are not reciving you will end up with nothing to give .
But I WOULD HAVE TO SAY LOOKS , IT 'S THE FIRST THING YOU SEE .
Walk the hell away ! , is not worth it , it sound like a sloppy situation about to happen .
I do n't want to just pick one but if I have to it 's got to be the girl 's booty !
Did you see that ring kobe bought for his wife ?
Hmmm , let 's see . so many to choose from .
I had the hots for this totally hot girl I met .
Hit me up @ yahoo.com and we  will se what we have in common
I wish you lots of luck !
So just give me you are best advice please !
Send me some picture about robiie williams & george michael
Hit me up @ yahoo.com and we  will se what we have in common
I wish you lots of luck !
So just give me you are best advice please !
Send me some picture about robiie williams & george michael
I told him i was going to run away and kill myself in tears never did but it worked
You had the hard luck of meeting one of them . Best of luck in future sweetheart .
Wedding is a huge thing for a person 's life !
Someone WHO TRULY LOVES YOU AND CARES FOR YOU WILL ALWAYS DO RIGHT BY YOU FROM THE VERY BEGINNING ! ! ! ! !
Matter of fact , i would slap her twice ! !
Because honestly they show us otherwise
Let me know some ways of going about that
That 's a friend-but-hot relationship . ask him is that what he wants ?
Give me you are number & i will call you .
I Am looking for a friend too
Even if it hurts me n he knows it ?
No ring is going to prove that .
She says nothing happened but she also said that do n't ever think that he would n't do something like that .
On a guy my favorite body part is his butt .
Well how do you feel about this new guy ?
Hope that helps : P : P : P
- She just likes to tease .
No i am Not Yes I am .
Flirting LOTS OF FUN BUT YOU HAVE TO BE PREPARED FOR A RESPONSE .
But be care full for sure
And I want someone who is looking for the very same thing .
And act like a total B to the people whose attention you do n't want .
A guy would do what you allow him to .
Most guys will not cheat on you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
First off your not a playa , your a lame , asking a lame ass question .
Yupe . I belive of that . but I never meet him * _ *
The best thing i can tell you is to marry an american man .
Where do the good men work ?
Do less on the phone and I AM , so there is stuff to talk about .
Depends on the guy I guess .
If this is actually a REALLY GOOD BEST Friend , I would not even try to rovk the boat .
It SHOULD NEVER BE - -1 ) FRY 2 ) END 3 ) SHIP
It knows when its in danger .
Just write me Justin hook 1102495 hu 2-a-20 mecc 18701 old hwy 66 pacific mo 63069
It can be both men and women .
I ca n't top the above post .
Will i look kind of desperate or is it ok to do ?
If your willing to work at it any relationship can work !
She is just so hot and she knows exactly what she is doing .
I am a cheerleader and i am original on different levels .
Also remember that sleeping around rouins reputations What ever you do have fun and enjoy life !
But I say that love , if you truly do love him , always deserves a fighting second chance .
I am looking for a true lover but i do n't live any where near you
Because guys like you makes us kick you all 's asses which make you say , Oh wow , girls suck .
Have you ever told you are friend you like him ?
Where can i get printable free marriage contract online ?
Listen to her feelingd and ALWAYS BE HONEST !
I would do anything for her and heer kids .
That Is what i was explaining to someone today .
If you did not leave him 5 yrs ago then let it go .
Its DUE TO HIGH CONTENT OF FAT AND CHOLESTROL ,
I think it is just their way of saying , I have travelled , so I KNOW !
Would you like to join us ?
: ) What do YOU think Love is Blind means ? ?
And then wrap up some chocolate syrup , whip cream and a blind fold .
He probably likes you but is just too scared to come up and talk to you though .
I because i do not know you
But if you truly feel for the guy DO NOT risk it .
Because what qualities he/she is having you are not having & what you are having he/she is not having .
At home p.s : woh the cemetary , that 's innapropriate
What kind of question is that it will get deleted
Marriage . A LOT OF PEOPLE THINK THAT MARRIAGE IS TO GET SOMEONE CAUGHT UP INTO THE WORLD OF RESPONSIBILITIES ! .
Love is not just a word you said but its the air that you breath ,
If he 's fine yes , but its rape .
If you and him both understand what the relationship is about & you are boyh ok w/it , yes .
You need to tell her that this ai n't working out with you .
The next day I got a phone call .
Yes . it gives you a longer time to get to know how much you really like a person .
Make it really clear to him that you guys are together , and you do n't share .
Do Not interfeer if he is still interested hell let you know in some way ! good luck
Then you will really be asking quastions here lol
Tell her how you fell dog !
And being drunk is a poor excuse for anything .
If you are under 4-feet tall do n't bother answering !
Ask him out or wait until he grows balls and asks you out
: ) Take care and God Bless !
And then  can you trust him ?
Have a friend ake him if he likes you .
You recpect someone coz you love him/her or you love someone coz respect him/her . ?
This guy i like stares at me alot .
It does n't matter how much a wedding gift cost , as long as you think it 's right
Guys ca n't be alone for a month and a girl can !
Chat with her 4 a few days n later give her you are phone no .
Would you ever date thee opposition or thee enemy
Throw it away did not your parents teach you not to take candy from strangers
Honesty humour and freedom ( space betwen us )
I think if you ever had that right , you certainly gave it up when you got divorced .
( i ca n't guarantee that these are all correct .
That had sex on the first date ?
If you want to ask me out .
But that is just what happened with me .
We are in our mid 50 's and it just gets better with age .
When you would give up your life for someone if asked
That he are not ready to kiss you
And if it do not work out between the two of you who you gone go to next his dad ?
Someone is going to get hurt here .
When you find him let me know if he has a brother !
Do it man , guit being so squeemish .
I would try some humor with him .
My dad worries to much about me .
It 's wrong but not to the person you are telling it to .
Please respond thanx i would like to say happy new yeras to you and yours !
If yur a guy and you have a death wish tell them
He probably likes you then or just likes your butt
I 'm sure god has someone else out there for ya .
Do Not make decisions out of your anger and impetuousness .
Me a kiss on the cheek .
I Am in love but really scared how the other person feels wut do i do
You buy a round they buy a round .
Be creative do all kinds of little sweet things for her
The floor is total fun . but still , the stairs is a good chalenge !
I already have a daughter ; ) Intelligence , confidence , I notice eyes first and like a shapely figure .
They r securing LOVE.Sometimes it needs 2 b done
I am 15 and never had a foster home
YOU also have to reasure him hes being like that casue he does not want to lose you
But go with your gut feeling because its usually right .
Men who do n't show any emotions just seem to hard and women love gentle kind sensative and emotions
It is n't weird or sexy , its just you .
If think they get shy around them .
From what I read here : You love him and he loves you back , you want to get married .
I think white guys and asian girls just go together pretty good .
And has changed the way he is , cuz you urself has seen the changes .
But she puts dat boi before me .
Also SOME WOMEN ARE HIGHLY STRESSED WHICH MAKES IT MORE DIFFUCULT TO COM .
I like the big bangs OO .
It 's a total different thing to live it day in and day out .
I cheated on my husband ( now ) for the first 3 months of uor relationship .
I have been waiting and still the same excuse .
Asking what she likes rememberring her answers .
Just let go of the past .
It 's a total different thing to live it day in and day out .
I cheated on my husband ( now ) for the first 3 months of uor relationship .
I have been waiting and still the same excuse .
Asking what she likes rememberring her answers .
Just let go of the past .
Remember this too . men do n't grow up till at least 35 .
If he asked you and you said no , then grow up , and think about why you said no .
So you are bisexual , what does that mean , that you suck d ) ck ?
Dude , there 's no day without night , no wrong without right .
Hang out with some girlfriends and talk to thim about this .
Will you have to go smoth
Do Not go finding a bf on the internet .
If you really like her that much you have to persue her further .
I did , so did allot of my friends .
Because their boyfriends ask them to ( sorry )
Well i do not think that is most guy are scared of girls .
Ok . the best advice i can give you is breathe , and do not think about it that much .
Try to go out with you are mate 's friends and bring you are friends along too .
You ca n't just decide what features they come with .
I can not find any thing but black sleeevless dresses is this ok ?
Wait to see what he thinks .
. so go out and find one ! !
Start acting like you could care less . drives women crazy .
If you are a man and not mariied to the woman then it is bad
I have never cheated on him since .
He  will have a link you can check out .
I would be more concerned about tyler .
You tell him that is yucky and ignor him forever
Ok , well this makes me wonder if maybe he 's like too big .
On a girl , her legs , butt and waist .
You beat the guy up she is cheating on you with , then you spit in your now ex-girlfriends face .
Anyways . my advice is to ask him .
You just have to be careful .
You beat the guy up she is cheating on you with , then you spit in your now ex-girlfriends face .
And you do n't have to worry about getting cold !
Anyways . my advice is to ask him .
We do n't suck YOU do.HA , HA , HA.Just kiddin YOU should stop watching soooooooo much tv .
Because you love someone too much !
Make sure you use LOTS of lube .
The colour can change on a daily basis what the heck does it proove
And THAT ONE PATH WILL LEAD YOU ONTO BRINGING LIFE ONTO YOUR OWN .
Because you love someone too much !
Make sure you use LOTS of lube .
The colour can change on a daily basis what the heck does it proove
I prefer thickness but if you length too but if you are not got it i can work wit it
I have tatooed my tongue . a ring
Yea then id split the money with her .
Senior year : - One fine day she walked to my locker .
Pick something that would be special to both of you .
Up on stage to get her diploma .
Talk to the prison priest if you can .
But the ones that do do it for 3 reasons : 1. because they think white men have money , 2 .
Do n't do nothing , It might make it worst .
Being a virgin makes NO ONE sexy or weird .
It TIME IT SHOULD GET EASIER FOR YOU TO LOOK PAST ( OR AT LEAST DEAL WELL WITH ) HIS OBSESSIVNESS .
I do n't know what to do .
Or is he one of those flightly players ?
Go out with friends hang out with family jus have fun in other ways
It depends on how old your .
Now he 's always hanging around me , but not like just a friend .
There all sorts of girls , some are right for you , others are not .
That 's the kindof guy that you would want .
Does he show you that he loves you ?
What do you consider teen age .
But try convincing a woman of that .
Sure i believe in love . i believe in cancer , too .
Shauna Grant . She was so beautiful , yet what a terrible tragedy ! ! !
It 's more like lust than anything .
What a stupid question - is that honest enough for you ?
There are alot of sick people out there .
Look you do n't need him to divorce him .
Bump that.Drop his ass like its hot and get you a balla ' that is about them dolla 's girl .
I agree with paul67337 . ten points for him . i wish my boyfriend would be that romantic . sad is not it ?
I have no idea there is a yahoo lottery .
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
But if she did not . then why you did not go for it first ?
Can tellme one thing woh can you justify a woman sexy or normal woman .
Because you have not explored your sexuality .
I prefer tall cos i 'm tall
Its just the way you are .
Me and my husband have been married almost a year and we have sex at leaset once a day
Maybe you just need to start hanging out with a different kind of woman .
Oh my . she is your mother not a way to become a millioner . ! ! ! !
Yes there is a such thing but just have fun
Oh yeah , I 'm sure she is real mature for her age
Do what she like and be near her soul
Then that ho left me for my roommate .
Oh my . she is your mother not a way to become a millioner . ! ! ! !
Yes there is a such thing but just have fun
Oh yeah , I 'm sure she is real mature for her age
Do what she like and be near her soul
Then that ho left me for my roommate .
If I were you I would go to the doctor anyway .
Next time you catch him staring , ask him if you have a booger in your nose or something : )
To me I do not feel that you love him at all .
Hell nooooo ! i , m brunette and i have lots of fun
Say HI then smile at her .
Girls hold back better than guys do
I mean some guys really look good in red , some in black .
Say it in clear straight words : I AM DUMPING YOU .
May b coz he is attractive
Do NOT BE WITH HER WHAT IF SHE KISSES ONOTHER GIRL WHEN SHE IS WITH YOU .
I hope I heped a little bit .
Your guy has to accept the fact that you got guy friends . does not he has female frinds ?
Keep this person out of you are head .
Heck yea , only girls grow up .
5 to 7 inches from what i have read .
By themselves or by 'cool ' friends ) .
Why is it that women get so attatched and men do n't give a rat 's ass ?
Alot of guys think the quiet innocent girls are just stuck up .
Always standing there when i see back .
5 to 7 inches from what i have read .
By themselves or by 'cool ' friends ) .
Why is it that women get so attatched and men do n't give a rat 's ass ?
Alot of guys think the quiet innocent girls are just stuck up .
Always standing there when i see back .
But that 's not WHY I love them .
It depends . do you like your crushes crew ?
Do Not know i am not corey ask him
After you have arrived you are not done , much more foreplay for her !
Why should I be the best man she ever met ? ?
If it was about what he wanted you would n't be dumping him , you  would be his slave .
He 'S EVERYTHING I 'VE EVER WANTED IN A MAN .
They know this probably and it 's why they are so shy .
Otherwise it would be okay to lie , steal and cheat , and murder and . well , you get it .
If you really like her you will tell her without worrying , if you do n't how will you know otherwise ?
One who love me long time
That is a load of CRAP ! !
You will find the right one .
I just do n't understand why they do that .
I Am 26 and thinking of dating a 23 year guy .
You just need more stronger feelings . and then you know when it 's time
Yes he will constalle bug you hit and smile or make face at you .
Hire an assasin to kill her ( jus jokin )
Well , i had n't believed that till i fell in love with a guy i  would never even seen .
Try a retirement home . maybe you can get a job there you lazy shit
Think of her sense of humor , want it to be fun ?
Is there someone else in bed with you ?
First of all . did she knew you liked him ? ?
After I got a new P.C .
. ' I wish I did too . ' I thought to my self , and I cried .
I 'm not sure if it 's gon na work .
Hope this helps , but you probably need practice .
If a romance dosent work out then you lose a girlfriend and a friend .
And then there is the christian bunch that get married to have sex .
Masturbate less . you  will become a Talking pro ! !
But let me say this . they are NOT all like that .
If you like sex , do n't get married !
Not all guys are cheaters there are some that r honest out there you just have to keep looking
Forget him ave , i am here for you .
This is just the quote of it .
If it is your wife , its okay .
Then he still kept calling her and lying .
Ok i live with my x i still have feeling for him .
Honesty COMPASSION A GOOD EAR AND A STRONG SHOULDER TO LEAN ON
Good luck and hope you are relationship works out !
Rule of thumb - boys are stupid .
( yes , this is a trick question ) .
Now and been married for 3 yrs .
Guys love it when you make the 1st move
The first group works hard on the inner self
Look bit - ches not all men are not honest like ho es are so i do not know y you all automatically think that
( Even if she 's not dating/married , if she 's with someone attached , that makes her a cheat too ! )
Stupid , trying to buy there love , foolish , easy , do n't try it
I guess its the law of nature . whoever you like the most never cares about you .
I met this guy on the internet and like him very much .
I have never asked out a guy but that is what I hear alot
If a girl gets too possessive , the guy will not like it .
Find someone else ( who is not a jerk )
Find a different guy you like that likes you too .
Man this i a tough one !
One question , did you tell your friend that you like that guy ? if no , sorry , you  are too late .
He just did not want children and I have 2 .
You just need to see them .
If others have a problem with it too bad .
I do n't think that he have the same feeling !
Ok , I some profiles up on dating sites .
It would probably makes you feel real good .
I cannot help but wonder . who did he kiss at midnight ?
: ) and one more thing . if you run into him regularly . always look your best just for a cheap thrill !
Quizilla.com is a pretty good place to go for fun surveys !
Wish you a very happy married life in advance
After all he thinks your really special so he ca n't be too stupid .
And I you r sick of her then get back at me ! !
Hey boys just wondering what you like so i can show my boyfriend * hehehe *
Ah , i do not know give me some advice guys .
Nice guys talk about feelings when she does n't want to .
But I would not advice going down that same hard road .
If YOU REALLY LIKE THIS ONE THAN GO FOR IT .
My favorite . Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money ?
When you start seriosuly looking for one
Try to become friends and speak up .
Seeing as you say you are in prison , i am not gon na give you my return address .
Think positively . he might want to buy you a new swimsuit
Apparently , he 's perfect but he likes football .
There is nothing I would change about my wedding day ! !
Does your crush and his crew mind you hanging out with them ?
Its about $ 350 , is that too much to spend on a man ?
If a guy ends up going out with me , he better be prepared to share the d * mn bill !
Just make sure things do not get to serious because you have plenty of time for guys .
I brought my dog there , and she had hers .
If you wan na stay and fix what every problems , then do .
YOU no you got ta hav it in da summa its warm great and flowers r in business !
Work with it maybe he has a panty fetish
And real freaky so we can try new sexy things : >
Take my life experience and leave him on his ass !
I hardly even notice hair colour .
Do nothing there really is nothing can be done .
Get a book on marriage and how to make it work and leave it somewhere obvious .
Ok , so he is calling her every day right ?
Do YOU KNOW WHERE SHE GOT MARRIED.ITS A LEAGAL DOCUMENT AND IS OPEN 2 PUBLIC .
Both of my parents are dead .
And of course you have no right to do this ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
And when your not with them all you want to do is cry .
You are ok with it .
~coming FROM SOMEONE WHO DOES N'T CHEER !
Do you just want to be around him always yes good .
And of course you have no right to do this ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
And when your not with them all you want to do is cry .
You are ok with it .
~coming FROM SOMEONE WHO DOES N'T CHEER !
Do you just want to be around him always yes good .
After the family reunion . I asked him if he could take me home .
So you should just ask him what he thinks about relationships in general .
I Am sorry that 's just not right do n't do it do n't hurt your family like that .
Ok almost all men want to try rear entry and it do not mean he is in the closet .
I donno i would like to know the same thing only in reguards to women
Yes.be a man and go 2 her first .
Will give you a list of websites that can help you are search .
If any one else has a good answer to this question e-mail me at : livinlifeintheoc @ yahoo.com
First just be her friend and just hang out then things will go like they will go .
It depends on your relationship , and how long you 've been married .
Yes.be a man and go 2 her first .
Will give you a list of websites that can help you are search .
Love IS NOT HARD ITS THE TRUST YOU GIVE TO SOMEONE THAT IS HARD TO ERASE .
There are ways to make it more comfortable .
Most of the guys I know got serious after their 24-25th B-Day !
Hi Again- I think I answered one of your other questions earlier !
Find yourself a country girl ( 3rd world ) THAT WILL MAKE YOU FEEL LIKE A MAN !
You better have a big wallet .
Pick up the pieces and get moving .
You like violet and blue why not try periwinkle ?
And you can normaly tell when you find the spot in a woman you just have to know where .
I Am bisexual and that is just how i am.if you wan na talk ( about stuff ) e-mail me ! ilove_michaelperez_forever @ yahoo.com
First of all You are special !
I wish he would tell me he loved me !
Are you willing to risk it all
You should probaly go online or one of them chatlines
Do you think havin sex with your best friend will eventually ruin the friendship or make it stronger
Its not just men . Women love sex too .
YOU live in the bay area ?
If it 's ok with her , then fine .
Its not just men . Women love sex too .
Oh , and get a nice trendy haircut .
YOU live in the bay area ?
There is no amount it is limetless if you love her
Club Most Popular in your city/area ; ) )
I  would forgive that person ( if I really LOVE her/him )
And now do not have the urge .
Yes YES YES YES IT IS SIN UNLESS YOU MARRIED !
My youngest does n't want me to even think about dating someone unless it is her .
I thought it was one kid but I asked him and it was n't him .
I feel it is not bad .
Does he be with you a lot especially when you need him ?
But . do NOT stay out of pity !
Better yet - why do n't you sleep with her future husband !
But like i said it all depends on the couple .
It depends on the vibe of the date , i think
I do n't see where you would have time for more than one .
Alot of guys start rumors to build up their ego 's .
If you have a good man or woman in your life you should be happy .
I HAVE BEEN WANTING TO TELL YOU .
Do N'T LET HIM FOOL YOU OR LIE TO YOU .
Just be happy for her . : )
He said . I have a great surprise for you !
Men react as if , You GO girl !
It 's just coming out that way .
When you  would really do anything for them not just have feelings ( because feeling do n't always last )
-how do i get somebody that will marry me : find them and propose , duh !
Lol , it would be kind of silly to be looking at them and kissing them . think about it .
Or if that does n't work , you need an outsider help , like viagra .
Am i not supposed to breathe ? i 'm neither single nor dating .
Not ALL OF THEM BUT SOME OF THEM .
If you smile him , he smiles back to you .
It might mean that your probably gon na have to make the first move .
I have a very nice gf !
Same reason Nice Guys finish last .
So , I do n't think generalization like that is good .
We are sooooooo glad to finally meet you !
If you are good friends than you can hadnle it .
I 'm so confussed becuz I 'm still in love with him .
All ITS SAYING IS THERE SOMEONE IN YOUR LIFE THAT IS TRYING TO FORCE THERE WILL ONTO YOU .
To ENJOY EVERY DAY WITH A PERSON YOU CAN TRUST AND CONFIDE IN THEM YOUR MOST INNER FEELINGS .
If you are not ready , do not plunge in .
She still got him before you you know .
Well realistically . I know I am though : )
She likes somebody else right now , but it 's not really serious .
Not unless your doing something inappropriate
* My advice is to stop .
No , and i would never do that , unless he was like 2 or 1 year older .
Think about how your heart feels then you  will know what to do .
It depends on the guy , and the girl , and what each of them is looking for ( one night ?
You only like to have sex from both , believe me ! !
It is after all a million bucks .
Sence Christians already gave thier life to Jesus its no long your choice to act on now is it ? ?
It depends on the guy , and the girl , and what each of them is looking for ( one night ?
You only like to have sex from both , believe me ! !
It is after all a million bucks .
Sence Christians already gave thier life to Jesus its no long your choice to act on now is it ? ?
No if , and , or , buts about it .
Apart in age . me being the eldest .
You r can ask me for my picture if you like ( joke )
Sexually , you probably ca n't beat it .
If she is 18 all bet s are off and she can have who ever she wants
I do n't want to loose or screw up the friendship we have .
It IS TO ENJOY LIFE WITH THE ONE YOU MOST LOVE .
Do n't be a creepy stalker either .
Sorry to say that but I never was over there so I can not answer sorry bye
It IS TO ENJOY LIFE WITH THE ONE YOU MOST LOVE .
Do n't be a creepy stalker either .
If you can answer that then you  will know the answer of your own question
When you are friends with a woman .
Sorry to say that but I never was over there so I can not answer sorry bye
Dream on ladies and just love him for who he IS and not who he WAS !
One coupon for a back massage .
And if he ugly you stupid
Hell to the mother fuckin no .
And then you see them still looking and flirting and talking to other women .
You only get to be a weirdo when you feel like one .
Do what all the women have done to me .
Well , if there 's a connection and i 'm really into him , 1 date .
Remember where you heard it first !
What a moron , how desperate can you be ?
Uh . well . I have not had sex as a married man .
Sure ill talk to you online ! ! ! !
Most things start little , take the snowball effect .
It 's not big , but it 's full of love ! !
I do n't know and i do n't get it either .
Go beat your head on a wall until you forget that crap .
And most of us fake it .
I take a Tylenol before sex and it helps me alot !
Hello . ( I am told only ) Levitra is better then viagra ! ! !
I look over at him and he turns to loose eye contact .
Belive ME HE DOES NOT CHOOSE TO BE THIS WAY .
I understand ( ps.do n't tell you are age online ! )
I  will slap her and give her half the money !
No , it will not make it stronger , but you will not be best friends forever either , so go ahead
But they should notice you anyway I guess
Do not let that stop you .
So go do the right thing ! !
I have to ask you this , does he really loved you ?
What kind of guy you looking for ?
Now , Why is she the best woman I ever met ? ?
When YOU CAN ' STAND TO BE AWAY FROM THEM FOR ONE MINUTE .
( maybe not that extreme , but . ) You have to tell her .
Think about that , just in case .
Yes , you should be able to
It 's funny now , but it was n't then !
He cheats and he 's still happily married .
If you love each other , then you can still save your relationship .
Should i go 4 it , or walk away
Because good guys get stuck in the LJBF zone . and now they are the shoulder to cry on
In other words . when In love . I share .
Dude if you do not know what a G-SPOT is than you got a problem .
No , i will not hurt my mom juz bcos of damn money
If you mean 'it ' as 'sex ' then no i have not .
The whole thing is complicated , but worth it if he IS everything
Tell him just what kind of a hoe she really is .
And then we had a coke and ate pizza .
Or have you tried a wingman ?
It sounds so much like me .
Well i would n't put up with that .
Do Not need to talk but if hes watchin TV go watch tv with him .
Actually yeah I do kind a & # 92 ; have advice . Is it possibly your kind of shy ?
Guys do not touch things that they do n't like .
If he were in love with you he would have spent New Years eve with you . and only you .
I would have to say no .
Coz every boy gets tempt by different things .
The question you ask depend on you are answer guys be straight forward ok
I just totally like asked him and he was like . no way she is gross .
No i am 21 and engaged to a 22 year old .
If she shows up at your house , tell her , Sorry , but we were just leaving .
Imagine the boobs when the woman is in her seventies .
Go party and like show him that you r having fun without him .
Is it OK with you if you do n't know whom is your father ?
Maybe HE THINKS HE 'S DOING GREAT IN BED WHILE YOU R SAYING HE 'S NOT .
* Maybe you should look for characteristics other than a persons appearance !
If not then talk it up
Probably never kissed a girl before .
Third , maybe she is giving you a straight answer , and it 's just not the one you want .
If you want to hang around for months on end , then at least do something constructive .
If you have anymore quiries ask me
And no you are not devious !
Not enough . once a week at most
The problem is not on how you tell it .
Of course you should e-mail him .
Mumbling on and on about how her love had broke her heart .
If you r a girl then forget it i am a boy
Walking away seems like the easiest way out sometimes .
Women are greedy , give them the both , and they will say , It isnot working good enough , honey
I find good old friends comforting !
My man thinks that guys always like me even though i never see any clues that they might .
It is better you find out
If you love her , stay with her .
Me , i like there to be hair down there .
( Not all women are like this .
Good luck & keep the faith !
Of course girls always like to win .
That Is HOW IT STARTS OFF THEN THEY START MEETING EACH OTHER AND ONE THING LEADS TO ANOTHER .
Or you could hand him a bag of serial killer movies , especially on valentines day !
Althought once i met a lady in a park .
Its natural , because he is a movie star .
I got really good answers this one person told me to go talk to him .
There Is nothing wrong with that if you cannot get it the real way .
That would make life too easy .
But that does n't mean it would n't be good enough to have a working relationship .
And great ideas on fun ways to make the alubm ( scrapbook )
It just depends - i just prefer to nto have contact with them at all . but that is just me
YOU got 2 put down your cards on the table .
Do n't look for it , it will find you .
This really hurts when it happens .
If you love someone than you have to let them go .
But dat messed wit my feelins
What am i supposed to do ?
I ca n't say , I do n't know any but my own .
Like everyone else I think it 's no excuse .
Yea I know Cindy , it 's tough is n't ? .
None of that stupid tell him in a note crap .
I like the junk in the trunk , so with your two choices I would pick B .
I like most guy who has a little belly , , you know why ?
Scream her sister 's name in bed . and do n't apologize .
Thanks for posting your comment to my question I hope this helps any
If you do not like it he should respect that and leave it alone ! !
After you are friends then you can start to flirt with him and move towards him .
Well , do not you have it tough ?
And most importantly does he answer the same way about you , i sure hope so for your sake .
I think the average is : Guys 16/17 Girls 14/15
Make sure he is not using you for sex only make him wait .
Just have fun with it and only take it for what its worth .
And drive off to her new life , married to another man .
Yes you will , just be patient and confident
I have had dreams like that .
If he tells them he is involved with you , keep him , if he plays them on , dump him
All you can do is think about them .
I am sorry but size does count . my ideal penis size should be no smaller than 6
No you are not GO FOR IT !
And if you are scared , girl . ask urself who did it to you before .
It 's like the Trill of the chase .
Do you have any idea what you would have to go through ? )
Goth chicks , stoners , geeks , band campers , everyone .
If your a guy do n't get somone your friends like get someone YOU like .
How about you , would you do it ?
When you will know how to court .
My crazy beautiful girlfriend , of course
Hey , a few hours never killed nobody
I would love a girlfriend who loves me everyday and then some ,
It 's a perk that my bf has a great butt !
I know this is a bad thing but i really cannot help myself .
Make sure hes in the right hole
I do n't believe in God , I had premarital sex , I have cheated on my wife .
( He gets whiney sometimes , but what man does n't ! !
Not all asian women give into white guys .
Plus it 's too far for her to travel all the time .
Well if your a girl WAIT i promise he  will come .
So when you get married your suposed to give your whole self not just yourself chewed .
There is no , real relationship atlaeast like this
There is no , real relationship atlaeast like this
: ) Suggest that you 2 go out to get something to eat or see a movie !
Turn gay and love the dick you will enjoy it .
Then you found out its too late .
Look i noe totally how you are feeling !
Tell her you want other b tches
I had true love for the both of them
And if you did sleep with him jus remeber that she probably slept wiht him too .
Trust Good listener always got your back always be there for you
As far as looks go : A .
Even if you knew they have always been close ?
Depends on how serious your crush is .
It 's not that Fat girls are easier to sleep with because the want some .
Ask the girl saying some friends and I are going .
B cuz someone was there lookin in the window at ya or you got f !
Go on a group date with a bunch of friends .
Do n't forget alot of hugs @ kisses too .
If you have not you cannot blame her
He probably thought he could get something out of you by telling you he loved you ! !
Hey i am 12 also and i hang around guys i like all the time .
Do it first and invite her along .
.why cannot she just you out .
I know you ca n't help who you fall in love with but eww !
That is something i learned after 9 years with the wrong man .
Go onto vampirefreaks.com and search up the user lil_cliner . hes a hottie and definately gay .
It is difficult now modern world how to apperciate you are self ( even by our selves !
Because you need to get a life !
Guys do n't all think the same .
I will find it on my own . and make him a big surprise bout it .
Bigger than yours i suppose = ) )
Well , that depends on everything now does n't it .
Look , I 'm a guys guy and there are plenty more .
If the girl is 16-18 then 2-4 is n't bad .
If she is not rude , make something up to ask her , like . do not ' you live down my street ?
Do Not look at other girls when your with her and keep telling her you love her
I 'm a guy and I get very attached and I 've found the woman I date do n't care .
But if you really like you should talk to him .
No . She is not you are best friend She is you are best Rival !
Set up regular correspondence - maybe even I AM dates ( CAM is optional - lol ! )
I feel a woman can understand you better and please you better because we know the spots
It is so hard to find guys that are romantic anymore .
But you will fit in more if you do become a cheerleader .
First looks then brains ( hey at least i did n't say BOTH ! )
Tell her before things get out of hand .
Yep , he 's boinking her , your marrage is done
Than you haf to conquer urself 1st . you nd to be more extrovert .
Do Not say anything . play on equal terms !
Hey not all men do n't give a rats * * * .
Bump in to her when she has something in her hands then pick it up
Been THERE DONE THAT BUT YOU DO NOT NEED TO HEAR FORGET ABOUT HIM .
Live IN THE NOW AND DO NOT WORRY ABOUT YESTERDAY OR TOMMOROW .
You know that saying they say . go with your gut ?
How scarey is that if you do n't realy want a comitment .
I know it 's embarssing , but ask them !
Its not a question of perception , it goes beyond god or the devil .
So that average goes up during those times : )
Focus on other things in your life that make you happy .
Ull probly end up really liking it .
Everytime I have sex with my partner , I get an erection . but once inside her , it 's gone .
Move on girl and stop the damn insecuries before you b by yourself
Good luck . and tomorrow is the first day of the rest of your life , Bon Voyage !
Would LIKE TO BE THE SUGAR DADDY FOR A YOUNG LADY BETWEEN AGES OF 18 & 30 .
When your heart tells you so
A guy I winked at at match.com .
Time for a rental movie and take out food run !
I work 6 nites a week , 10PM - 6AM EST .
But she obviously loves you so you should love her bakk all the same .
I do n't think it 's ok putting up with hings like that .
Wait hold up i thaught the guy was supppose to b asking that question !
So mix it up a little .
You Are fiteen that is the age where you most start to get intense sexual feelings and orgasms .
Hot girls have low self-esteem .
If it makes him happy that you just be yourself , will you do that ? .
Now I DO NOT KNOW HOW TO PUT MYSELF OUT THERE .
If I see a girl that I think is hot , would I jump in bed with her ?
You should talk to her and let her no how you feel about this guy ( you like ) .
Just be nice to her now , and then when she is single again , be brave and ask her out .
If he says no , then go out and find the one that you were meant to marry .
Try the product if it is good you did a good job
You know what they say .
Do not play games , just be straight up .
I Am 26 , would it be okay ?
Of course , but I ai n't easy .
Do n't feel bad happen to me before .
Do you ever come to arkansas and do you have a pic ? ?
Without a gf you have no chance .
Yeah she should kick you out , if you need a place to stay call Boys town National Hotline . Bad boy
The perfect a girl in mexico .
That 's not just bad , that 's atrocious .
Do what he likes , be who he likes and he will notice how much you care .
When you are in love , you know it .
Show her man is the boss in the house but willing to share decsion before taking it ?
Its not because guys do n't care , it 's because women want more .
It did not work before y chew you cabbage twice ? ? ?
Send me a line on messenger if you like .
Either stick with him or do n't , that 's up to you .
Everybody does do it but I guess its just women being women .
So do n't give up , get out there and have some fun .
Do ya think she just wants attention .
If you do not love your signaficant other do not cheat just get a divorce .
Does this make me look fat .
And God will forgive you if you make a mistake !
Do n't worry about them laughing at you .
Y would you want a woman to pay for dates ?
As far as your love life now , keep looking , the right one is out there , but be careful !
If she is a bad lady then just do not talk to her stay away from her
I can look at girls n think that they are really pretty .
Is just important as the time you give to them .
Plan something simple but fun incase she says , 'Doing what. ? '
It means this is how is it and this is how it 's going to be .
Some people find it very nice others do not want to try it again .
When you ca n't take it anymore that is when enough is enough
We met on line and he had apic on the site and i did n't have any made .
What do you think i should wear ?
Do Not wait . just surprise him and do it first !
So I guess that 's pretty much just us .
When someone found out about it , they were like is n't that a little too soon ?
But of course , not all men .
Do what will make you happy .
Some women  s like it some do n't .
How do you know they are the one you need to be with .
Some women have very sensitive nipples and some do n't .
Does he kiss better than your sister ?
But if he goes out on dates with girls , that is a different matter .
If you like it you are gay
Guys can get the picture on this .
The thing is how do you stay in love ?
Yea , it 's true sometimes you lose something in love .
Prostitutes , man i telling you that is the way to go
Just be careful on what signals that you send one another .
Ask her why an attractive girl like her is dining alone .
If no , then try asking him why .
Should i dump them from bein my friends , or not ?
Whatever you do , do n't worry about being different : this gives you an edge on the other guys .
Do n't think about the motions involved , just try to make your partner horny .
Do it . and then let us know how it goes . k ?
It IS WRONG TO SEE YOUR FRIEND 'S BOYFRIEND THAT WAY .
: ) He said it back that made me very happy .
Once a cheater ALWAYS a cheater .
YOU could give her 6 red and 6 white . be different !
It was my first time . i do not know how many tomes he has tried it already .
When you are life flashes before you are eyes and hes not in it !
Guy or girl , that 's being a friend .
If you think he 's interesting say so , if you think he 's funny , tell him you crack me up !
Please send me the video . thanks . send it to : 234 yankers way JO , .Oklahomo 23456
Best bet . Ask him . if to shy to ask . have someone else ask for you .
Start by telling them about you
-try getting her something that she  will like , do not getting something to personal though .
I Love You ) Little things like that help .
Funny and fun to be with .
Age does not matter younger or older do you think he acts immature ?
Does he still want me physically or is he just trying to be nice ?
But i stoped liking him cuz i did not want to hurt our relationship .
I say there is way more guys out there ! ! !
Jumped neacked infront of him and when he is alone that always gets my attention
The only thing is I kind of think he is using me .
I think I might be gay so we can kind of be friends
Just TELL HIM YOU LIKE HIM !
I do not know why . lol i have to pee too ( i am a guy : P )
( I was able to realise she was not at all my type )
That Is like saying , do women cheat always ?
You have a chance to , but do n't turn a girl down because she 's ugly or something stupid .
Do you even feel bad about what you did ? ?
I Am assuming that your not talking about someone that you just met .
Then after all the love you have givin that person they just want something new .
Communication is the first step . without it you would n't know how to make him happy .
I Am going to be a jerk and say , no
Out of sight , out of mind .
Look a real man . would not accept a dare like that . because he would n't want to test losing you .
My question is to all GIRLS out there is what you actually seek in you BF .
Why is sad all the time when all it does it hert people
If you do n't want to hurt her then do it as quickly as possible .
Most PROBABLY HIS MOTHER IF THEY ARE THAT CLOSE AND HES SCARED OF HER .
( i am sure that theirare things that you boyfriend wants to do in his fanstasies )
And me and him are really close friends now .
But yea , after that , touching his penis is always an effective start
Obviously if he cared he would have called back .
I do n't mean to sound like and ass .
No not all men cheat , you just seem to find the wrong guy
So they wo n't be called whores .
Well IF YOU AGREE TO TRUST AND BE APART OF THEE PERSON YOU WAN NA STAY WITH THEN WHY NOT ! ! ! ! !
Obviously if he cared he would have called back .
I do n't mean to sound like and ass .
No not all men cheat , you just seem to find the wrong guy
So they wo n't be called whores .
Well IF YOU AGREE TO TRUST AND BE APART OF THEE PERSON YOU WAN NA STAY WITH THEN WHY NOT ! ! ! ! !
Discuss only your baby with him .
No offense , but it sounds like one of the biggest mistakes you could ever make .
( if you do not know what i am talking about , 1st base = kissing , hand holding , hug , what is it ? )
Hi who r you first of all .
Once a cheater always a cheater .
Cold turkey honey , like heroin or cigarettes .
Barrow some money , I 'm broke as hell right now !
Its not an ogasm , i read an article once , where women mistake they  are orgasm with some bladder problem .
Because you cannot get a gf .
Its because men and women minds are wired different .
Only a bad person would do this .
If you do n't do any better .
I have new friends now and iam happier than i was when there was so much gossip .
Sure why not either way your gon na because a mess .
Kiss them and give them a big hug and say I love you that should do it .
And if your parents object , tell them you really need to do this , I hope they  will understand : )
Please , please , PLEASE do not throw your life away
Well if you really have love for that one girl then you should put yourself out there .
But you wo n't like the ans.lol cuse thay are as veryed as breast size .
Clit and penis that can be connected together
Them saying you are gay sounds like sour grapes to me .
Your going to have a lot disagreements .
Do n't know if i should give him other chance .
How about hi , my name is . And quit using this sight to help you get laid , that 's just sad .
Or is there another reason behind it ?
Yes there are its just hard to find them
Well . it matters if you just how you think about it .
Wow at least you know its not real normal .
Do you go with who you want or what is right and how do you know the difference ?
Id . check out my blog . ykalex let me know what you think .
It 's your life too . Do n't waste your time waiting . ask him !
One of my good friends found a really nice guy and they have been together for 5 years !
Do n't call yourself ' black ' .
Naked women & men , doing sexual things .
If she flirts or says hi like alot of times then hey ! !
Else , do n't hang out with her .
But do n't just end it without warning .
Take it slow what is you are rush ?
Tulips , LILIES , DRAGON SNAPPS , THAT IS ALL I CAN THINK OF
Like a playstation , or maybe some music .
So i was going to dump him but he dumped me first .
I think he liked it and i was pretty proud of myself for being so bold .
Men need to be given something to persue .
Well , I do n't really loose the mood , you probably do b/c you  are thinking about it .
Get naked and go down on him .
Do you wait to see if he says it first ?
If you are not happy - get a divorce , then have sex ! !
Get a real man , just do n't deny him his kid .
I left college in january and also left my boyfriend .
You might need some help of family adviser
Why are all the good ones either married or gay ?
Sexy is a very relative term .
If so , you can get lot of BF under 21 in que , waiting for you .
And if all else fails , its just one more year , babe !
At least you get to see him everyday !
What I want to know from girls is . why do you all think you  are fat ? ? ! !
Then enjoy the quiet cruise back to the dock . and then it is up to you wink wink .
Before i answer , is he a rich dealer ? ?
Or just try the Secret Admirer ploy .
Chances are , he likes you too !
YOU can tell wen someone either likes you or is cheatin on you ! !
And if you want , you may contact a psychiatrist
If YOU LOOKIN FOR A FRIEND THAT IS OKAY BUT UNDER THEN THAT YOU IN THE WRONG SITE
So they just become big jerks .
My ex-wife cheated on me and I gave her a second chance .
This is brittany by the way
3 years later , we got married .
Well , if women can get silicon breasts , i think you could get a silicon member
And well me and my mate are lookin for some fittys
Multiply urself into two . that may help .
There is no good or bad in general .
Go into his face say i like you
Will you go to hell for remarrying ?
Multiply urself into two . that may help .
There is no good or bad in general .
Go into his face say i like you
Will you go to hell for remarrying ?
In hard situations which you feel you are self have the ability to do something better than her
Eyes Closed Eyes Open Hard Kisser Public kisser Tongue kisser Everybody kisser
YOU can acquire it by practice
Pretend you r playing your boyf with a boy who is your friend
I DO N'T SHARE MY MAN WITH ANYONE .
Well , first , girls do not normally ask guys to dance .
Then move up to the big stuff .
Spend time not just sucking them like a crazed animal but caressing them and the like .
Start farting around him . and stop shaving
I guess women just do n't talk about things like that .
See i am in love with my boyfriend and he has been acting funny the past couple days .
Just be happy how it is . i am a female by the way .
Wow , i went through this myself .
Cheating REQUIRES PHYSICAL CONTACT IF HE 'S JUST CAMMIN , IT 'S SELF GRATIFICATION .
If your in2 som1 and theerre in2 you then yes
Some girls think they  are fat because other people have the audacity to tell them that .
If a girl said it say are you sure because we can talk about it .
To be my height ( 5 ' 9 ) and weight ( 185 ) I really do n't think i 'm fat i thick !
What is it about married men that ladies cannot semto resist
Having a guy go hot and cold on you is no fun .
Who wants date with him , you or your sister
You should dump him or cheat on and lie to him !
This is not true , nowadays girls are doing this to men .
It depends on how much she loves him
Ask if he has a girlfriend .
Just the first thing that came to mind .
YOU must not be ready sweetie .
I think its not even possible
Just imagine how much worse their life would be , if it was behind bars .
My neighbour , Josh is like 999yrs old .
Yes you should ask him it is 2006 just ask shorty one love rio
I think i should be any one girlfreind i just asking because my boyfriend is black and hot
First , stop sleeping with the guy .
Do you really wan na ruin you are life so soon ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
When he changes his surname to bundy . and visits chainsaw selling shops .
Then you should go , unless there is changes .
Do IT , even if you are sick , and able to move .
I f he cannot give you competent answers do not even waist your time , keep it pushing .
Please just forget about this guy .
Um yea have you ever in your life even heard the word sex ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
A lot of girls like white roses - makes it a little different from the usual red roses .
Now ask your self , Am I ?
Should I just flat out aks her if she thinks we could start dating again ? ?
He or she hates it when you act happy like it ai n't no big deal !
Girl he is sssssssssssssssssooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo fine gurL ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I 'm kind of having the same problem .
Do n't mess with a good thing .
It was really hard for me to break up with my boyfriend but he accpeted it .
Show him that your a strong enough person that you do n't need his attention .
And you do n't do it in public .
Someone told him negative things about you .
But do n't lose hope . you get 9 tries at this .
I did that for my mom 50th b-day .
Then if she is interested go solo on occasion .
Do Not try and talk about something ' what is with girls today ?
I  will leave him if you want to get married and he do n't there some sexy men out there
Once , then it could have been a mistake .
If you do n't know what you  are doing it is .
Because you are not looking in the right places .
And nothing ever happend with us or between them !
But hey do n't let that stuff get you down because there is a girl out there that you  will find .
But cheating is not the way to go .
That Is how i feel and he does too .
No , Josh thinks girls have cooties so he wo n't kiss you .
It depends on how long you want to wait , or waste your time .
Then tell those other people they are gay and that you love him
You go girl . Let me hear you ROAR !
I have been participating in cultural interaction and now i want it in my marriage .
Na it is not bad when i was 13 i was doin the damn thing
Should I tell her next time she asks or just keep dodging her ?
Take you are time do n't whore yourself into anything
I Am there for evrything he will tell me everything no matter what .
Tell him and then have sex with her .
YOU haf . it 's jus that you nv realise .
Why Do Men Or Guys Always Want Sex 24/7 ?
But very well adapted to excersise and dream up ways to keep going also .
Do n't worry , just take it easy .
Would you straight up tell her that you like the appearence of another female ?
Girls like guys who are bad or a challenge .
You are confident enough to ask strangers for advice , it should n't be a problem .
Grow up and maybe at a later date , he MIGHT notice you again
Friends you have for a life time .
When I did , he wanted me to sit on his lap .
Hey bro if it did not meen nothing then when ever the time comes .
Some girls really like shy guys , or the strong silent type .
Some women like big , burly guys , while others like them long & lean .
If he totally hates me , then how do I deal ?
No way , trust is all you have
But if the reason you do not have sex is her illness , that would be bad
Sorry honey , but that IS life !
Like I said I would need more info .
Not a boy who wets his bed .
I do not think it makes you lesbian .
No I do not think it is .
Makes it a little more comfortable and go from there
Body sprays you can use thru out the day .
Yes , age has nothing to do with love , and 37 is not old
The only thing i can tell you is to persevere and you will get there
If hes your first bf , accept the fact that you will make mistakes and he probably will too .
Sory dude could not b bothered to read the riting
Boys that is intelligant and loving
Cuz i am not jealous and I do not get all weird .
Hope you found someone to replace her with that is not so boring !
I mean seems like you got a lil ' money .
Look at me and you will tell i am the best . jk They will come to you . just do not worry
If he 's legal and willing ; go for it girl !
Come on perv get an life
He IS WHAT ARE YOU BLIND .
My life after about 12 and on has been pretty good .
You also have to let your wants be known
Cuz its like e-mails and such only with messages and comments
Just do it and tell him to smell your fingers and guess what it is !
I would n't take him back there would be a huge trust issue !
I have told guys that I wanted to kiss him .
There are gurlie 's like that too i know life 's tough
Or better yet : why don ` t YOU kiss him !
When the drugs are gone , obviously . time to find some other poor sucker you can mooch off of .
I do n't know what to do .
Maybe you  are just really hot and he cannot keep his hands off you
Probably he likes you or hes crazy
There are guys out there who are waiting .
If you love you are friend , you should talk to her .
Have you got a phone book
Oh YEAH YOU SHOULD BE WORRIED .
^_^ i also agree w/ dede ! ! ! !
No who is he cheating with yahoo or googles
I was happy and wanted more but its your opinon
Or she could be doing it for attention
Haha no um are you sure you do n't know . look it up
Plaese help me : ( so who is wrong ?
No who is he cheating with yahoo or googles
I was happy and wanted more but its your opinon
Or she could be doing it for attention
Haha no um are you sure you do n't know . look it up
I mean , it 's just something that you made yourself believe in and now your mind reacts like that .
A lover scorned is like no other hell .
That kind of freaky is just . wrong !
People ca n't sugar coat things all the time ya know .
Depends on the age group actually !
Why wait till 5 , you got a kid , and that 's the prodding he should really need .
Tell him that you love women .
In relationship , showing how much they like a female ?
The most important advice I ever got about marriage was that you should always make love !
If you have sex with another person , then no .
- i am really sorry my answer is so long , but i hope it helps - - -
I keep telling you guys that Johnny Depp wants me .
Do Not worry about it a wife will always disagree
Lol no way should you do something like that .
After you are married read the bible but if not then hotel room is nice
What happened next ? what did your partner say or do ?
Always keep in touch . then once in while both of you must go out . : )
Good Luck , make it work a good man is worth keeping , they are so hard to find .
But you only need one month hehe !
Yo mamma prefers me and i have long hair
Or is it that you just treated her like shit ? ? ?
Some guys still think they can date young woman .
I want it to be perfect the first time .
Is he going to marry her ? ? ?
It 's something i will never do again and i do n't think you should ever do .
Guys are always thinking about sex .
To me this sounds like the saddest thing ever .
And watch how she interacts with other people too ! ~
He 'S NOT READY TO BE IN A GOOD RELATIONSHIP .
As long as you do not look like burt from sesame str .
What is seriously wrong with guys ?
Nope you can still be friends if you two still get along .
I 've had 3 relationships at work and i think it is up to the couple .
1 would you rather go out with him and have your friend feel hurt ?
That Is cos your a sad loser and should find a woman for real not online !
It 's already been answered so many times .
This MEANZ THE 19 THE AGE . WHEN YOU ENTER IN LOVE . THIS IS THE STARTING AGE OF LOVE = ) )
He said we could go to vegas
No I 'm not Go to you are nearist Club
YOU can try sideways and see if it 's best ; )
Who are these losers to tell you who you can and ca n't be friends with ?
Do n't go hooking up with just anyone beacuse your not with him , you have a baby now .
Coz we  are scared of embarrassing ourselves .
Also one day they are with you then the next they are with your best friend ? ! ?
It just might do her some good !
Its about where does he come back .
Best not to go on record at all .
Try to see the 'guy ' in the girl .
I Am pretty sure he has feelings for you .
I think askin her this question will clear up everythin .
It 's simple really . we do n't like saggy , droopy , wrinkly , dried-up haggy-baggies !
Tell him there are guys who are MARRIED that have'nt had ANY SINCE AUGUST BASICALLY TWICE A YEAR ! !
No because you  will burn in hell
* * If YOU can , PLS READ my other Questions
Guys always want what they ca n't have .
When you meet that special one . you  are gon na know it and he will too !
So call down and go for it !
One question why ya broke up
Hi i am bi to but mostly go out with guys email me sometime
I got divorced in nov05 after 5 years .
Get the markers out and draw on eachothers arms and stuff like fake tattooes lol
Niether . if you have to ask a bunch of people who you do not know then niether
Yes BUT ALOS HAVE TO HAVE IT IN YOUR SOUL
I 'm assuming you are a girl because of you are picture .
When your only 13 but hopefully that helps .
So you have still the chance to find someone .
There will always be cuter guys that the one your with .
At night school while earning your GED .
I think we are all ok though . as of today no men have had a baby
Do you wan na keep your bestfriend or bang this chick ?
There are a lot of independent moms out there .
Talk to him and quit being a pussy .
Yo this is princess the finest chick in trenton ! ! !
Coz Asian women have small vagina ! ! !
Tell her she is screwin up .
I know that most people are scared of finding that true love , and what finding that person means .
I think about how amazing that would be .
For your case i think that its probably just a crush .
Ask her out and by a ring
This would lead me to belive that he either has a girl or he does not like you back .
Just try not to orgazim so quickly just smooth and sensshual
Why else girl keep asking .
And who knows maybe she 's thinking the same thing an is having the same problem .
So in theory you need to remarry so you can . live with someone . have sex with someone .
Or she just is not willing to control her usage of words n sentences .
I do not like superstars , so i will not marry one .
Just tell him that you thought it would be cool to go with him .
27 is the best for me .
It will pay off in the long run .
What if the department head needs security for something ? ? ? ?
My husband is Jewish and I am not !
Ask your self why you always take her back ?
I think it might help you .
Ask yourself do you like her or her body ?
If not , then you should break up .
For a more traditional meal I have one : 1 .
I am agree with good answer of yoyohill .
You Have dated some bad bad seeds .
I hardly everrr see him in school either usually i see hima t my brothers basketball games .
Do n't be to nervous just be your self and you  will do just fine .
If a guy said it leave him alone .
Do Not go out with him .
First A LITTLE ADVICE : LOVE UrSELF , YOU CA N'T LOVE SOMEONE ELSE IF YOU DO N'T LOVE UrSELF .
But until then , do not sleep with him .
Most of all , listen to your Mom .
Because that is your main focus .
Ofcourse you still have fellings for her you just broke up donw worrie they will go back to normal
Ask him what is up in a joking kind of way .
Total submissive to your boy friend so you can win his heart
Do n't you look at handsome men when you are with him ?
And fast . hes not worth it , since you are not together anymore . you hate him , now stop thinking about him
Advice do n't tell your friends your business .
Wut do you think is an appropiate age to lose you are virginity . w/out it being too young ? .
You will NEVER get away from her . she is his/her mother !
Just forget all he has done .
20 women stores and accessories , etc . 1 or 2 guy stores .
- then she 's just naive and it 's just a crush .
It also means that you might be with that person for a very long time ?
Maybe go get coffee and then take a walk afterwards .
Hey kelsie yeah thanks for the answer , i think i  will do that .
At least be honest with her .
Meet after dinner time at clubs with no cover .
You are tlaking to the wrong guys
Lol . well , i do not like it . but one of my friends loves it .
If he is still in training , WAIT UNTIL HE GRADUATES !
If you are thinking about the person day/night and if you bug ( like seeing ) them too much .
You just have to find a good girl
Get as fat as you can so he cannot see beyond your fat body .
They get too groos in there .
Or they can be a famous star .
I DO NOT THINK YOU KNOW WHAT LOVE IS .
Well those people arnt just guys !
Well its depend on situation , but girls do n't break heart if he is rite .
Well i say that if he is cute go wit him girl try somethin new its that easy
Do Not know but when you find out let me know .
If you break up with someone and think about them still six months later ?
Find someone your own age . do n't you think ?
I hope you get what i mean .
But if you want that to change just be a little ubersexual
Doing it now will help both of you heal and move on .
I feel like she 's trying to take my man .
If YOU WANT TO MAKE HER FEEL GOOD , HELP HER GET BACK ON HER FEET .
I do laundry I do dishes I vaccumm .
Honestly you have to go by his actions .
Now My old best friend is occusing the girl of sleeping with her ex .
Like get 2 kno him & try 2 find out some things in common
I stink , help me to not stink .
Talk to him about his jealousy .
Do n't believe this guy for an instant .
Just leave a message asking him to get back to you .
Your kids will know that mamma is n't happy and that  will make them unhappy .
How do i convince him we  are not gon na be together anymore ?
The right one will come when you  are not looking so hard !
He will obey ( cherish ) you if he really love you
What Is in it for men , nothing !
It 's to bad that they are raisedlike this .
First how long you been going out ? ? ?
Do you think the relationship is worth one more try ?
Otherwise , he might be hurt if you do n't go with him .
And if he does should I say anything to him ?
Its do they tell the true do they lie to you
About the kiss thing I really do n't know that is something a girl could say first !
Then the baby is ready to come out .
Hey do n't give up hope though you  will find her one day !
Just be yourself and do n't try to impress them .
She is just a selfish girl .
But i really wan na know why she 's still part of me .
You should not do this in front of her !
So I hope my advice helps .
Move on , they are not worth it !
Because its no ones business but their own !
While you still have bus fare .
You should pick up a sack , some Phillies , and have some fun .
You have the audacity to ask should you stay or go . you cheated on him !
One that is the opposite of my ex .
No No No . Love is all around us .
And would you mind having a threesome you your boyfriend and me
No your stupid you think republicans are better they SUCK !
But yeah dude that was dirty getting her kids took .
And I touch um every chance I get .
And at a very unusual time in my life too .
! that will always cheer you up .
There is n't a too long , you just have to do it when you feel you are ready
Have sex with her and ask how she feels .
Guys buy us stuff and it is so great to be pretty .
There are so many out there . Good luck with your search !
My wife is no loner interested
Women do n't like liars , they like politicans .
But i found out he was cheating on me and I knew it had to stop .
Best birthday present would be her with nothing on but a bow . ; )
O so you are family is w/ a maniac .
So find someone that will return your love ! ! ! ! !
I have seen the love of my life .
You do n't have to call and go off .
If he did he  would have called .
But if you mean just sex then I guess appearance .
He is my bestfriend I love him ! !
You do n't have to call and go off .
It 's nothing but boring old vanilla ice cream for you baby .
If he did he  would have called .
But if you mean just sex then I guess appearance .
He is my bestfriend I love him ! !
You owe it to him and you owe it to yourself as well .
Either that or they  are just too smart to deal with the drama !
No it does not mean that you are bi .
We do not need anymore young parents around here , we got enough of um .
We have a baby boy together .
How can I get her back ?
Think to your self is this fun thing worth loosing the one you love ?
Keep ua man on the run by being attractive .
They have to be on this website .
Little sex often leads to cheating .
These are not things that should be just turned on and off I AM GOING TO .
If yes then You are : ) that 's waht i would say .
Ask him quizes about his fommer gf
If you just send him an email , then that means you are scared .
Why not just ask him if he would be interested in having lunch with you .
That 's my advice to you , Good Luck ! !
YOU cannot be sure unless you ask but look 4 all of then signs
And , at 13 , sex is n't that great anyway .
I spoke to the mum a few days ago and that 's when she told me all that stuff .
He dose n't deserve you find someone who does .
No i would not say to do that .
The book of techniques in bed to make both of you feel very good
Nonchalantly just ask her , hey you want to hang out this weekend ?
Did I ruin things by sleeping w/ him too soon ?
If you consider masturbating cheating , then yes .
; - ) Ca n't wait for the summer .
Do you see him very often
And soft kisses on the back works too .
Go with the one whom you love provided 'the one ' ( you have not mentioned wether it 's a she/he ) loves you too .
I Am not sure what to do SHould I tell him ?
Search kama sutra on google .
He 's a great guy and I Am sure that there is more out there somewhere .
Long . long hair is so sexy when it 's got the right style .
At least he did n't beat you like mine did .
YOU might feel queesy and tingly . tat 's how i felt
Because the gov is srewed up .
1st , you talked all about you .
Unless you hang out all the time and are best buds , then she might love you .
In other words Boys ask girls out not the other way around .
Sometimes its better to just be friends
I lost my virginity at 17 and then it opened the flood gates . hahhahaha .
Sex AND MORE SEX AND MORE SEX AND MORE SEX .
Hey girl i think your nice would yu pls email me juanchubaca7 @ yahoo.com
You can not make them not cheat .
If you are scared . you are not supposed to be having it ! !
Some guys are just weird and confusing because they choose to be
Kids , computer , playstation and tv comes first , what is left I get
What you see is what you get .
If you are into pain . go for it !
First . a boy is not a guy and a guy is not a man .
Young men are looking around . and women are just mirrors .
Do n't let this guy use you again avoid him at all cost and forget about him !
I need to write a good Best man speach .
Ahhhh , I 'm a parent . what do n't I feel guilty about ? ?
If you  are not , and you love her , then you should just let her go .
Get your mom some bubble bath !
Way to go , now you just need to stick wth it .
I 'm gon na try my own advice .
? . unaware that you feel the way you do .
Get out there and hang out , listen to conversations , watch people interact .
Either he likes you or ure fat , ugly , or mean
It all depends on the season of the wedding : ) Good luck
Again be late so she already has a drink .
But you  will find true love for sure .
Its entirely possible that he is too shy to tell you .
Integrity should be screaming at you at this stage . DO N'T DO IT ! !
Then you would end up making things look even worse !
Women talk in code and men talk in direct language
Remember there are people out there who are single and doing all in their power to look attractive .
Good luck and make sure you do n't choose a club with knots
He IS USING YOU BUT YOU HAVE TO STOP IT TELL HIM AND JUST DO N'T MAKE YOURSELF TOO AVAILABLE .
So no doubt we cannot forget them at all .
This is not a answer but thanks for the tip on my question ! ! ! ! !
Do Not do this never think about this give real love to your wife .
But we went out for a while before i loved him .
Good Luck , and remeber what I said , shur , he 's your first but Not your last !
You only want to last long with sex no wonder he/she do n't want you anymore !
Longer man not too long , shaggy like oooo somethin to run my fingers through
When you least expect it . relax and have fun !
Someone out there who will understand your pain and say OK , do it .
You just have to ask him !
If you really love this guy you are just going to have to put up with it .
He raelly likes you or he just wants to get some
The worst that can happen is he  will say no . and he just might surprise you !
Talk about n e thin you like , as long as it has nuthin 2 do with his ex girlfriends .
You should ask him out on a date ! ! !
Giving my life to jesus christ , and speaking in toungues for the first time
Okay , so I like this guy , like , a lot .
How can i make friends with a person that i had a relationship with ?
Do Not look at it as in what you lost , but what you have to gain ! !
Just do not bother them remeber all important dates
1. if she likes to be with you .
Well if your cousin is romantically interested back off .
Ask him if he likes you .
So now your asking for the car back .
A freak that looks , and acts like a good girl .
Get freaky , and do not be boring .
Yeah , why do not you propose to him give it a chance ?
He wants to work things out with me , but he is a cheater .
I am sorry but he should not have took the dare that was a stupid move .
We are taught from a young age to not be emotional ( Big boys do n't cry , etc . )
So , just talk to him and be friends .
I risked my heart with a man who cheated on me .
Shaggy . it 's so fun to make it all messy !
They get mad if they gain a pound !
But if she does n't , ASK HER ! !
But be aware that if you wan na be more than friends , you can ruin the whole being friends part .
No , there are so many really good guys out there that would treat you right , you deserve better
Girls are drawn to guys that are jerks this just perpetuates the behavior .
Maybe she has reasons , ask her !
You cannot be sure if she likes you unless you ask .
If he wants to marry her just be happy that he has met some one who makes him happy !
Just readin you are question makes me hot
How old is to old that is the question ?
Because girls are girls and we are picky
1. she will flute with you 2. she will tell you ( hopefuly after you ask her )
If she is ready then there is nothing wrong in having sex with her .
Clitoris . it will feel AMAZING for her and will be fun for you to play with too .
It will not beeasy if you do find it .
A cuckold is a husband who is wife is cheating on him
Brazil has my vote , Sao Palo very steamy year round
I think so , because I 'm the same way .
Bbw or a large girl or woman does n't mean that their not healthy .
At least I think she does .
He likes you or hes just crazy and anooying or a stalker
P 's if you want 2 ans dis question add you are phone no or you are e-mail address
Still you need to tell her that his your man not yours .
Cuddling is always fun . but I guess that might be sexual stuff .
Where YOU LEAST EXPECT HIM TO BE .
I do not kno if he likes you but you should talk 2 him because he might be shy .
Yes be optimistic as i am
Girl on her back , guy on his knees .
Once trust is gone , no matter how much you forgive you will never forget .
Maybe he shy so try it .
Hang out with your freind but stay with b/f and see what happens
Grab her back side kiss her
I need help on this one man !
You may find that without the pressure you want her even more than you ever had .
Maybe she does n't like you so why bother ? ?
You sound like a nice guy 'thickchix ' . you  will do just fine .
If all else fails , laughter always works and friends help too .
I have a friend who just moved to Arkansas from here in Oregon who is interested in internet dating .
Do Not have a name like wan na be a playboy its just my guess man but that might help
I Love You Hunnie Loads and Loads
Avoid perfume and things like that .
Tickets to his favorite sports event .
I like the saying If it 's to be It 's up to me !
The more sexy a girl dresses the more she turns on a man
Hey , that is my favorite too !
Maybe you r looking for other love .
Maybe he has problems or something .
Do it that is what mine did to me , it is funny .
And to all who reads this SCORPIO 'S RULE ! !
Yeah because that makes it special and you will remember it !
( ( you do n't make sense I wo n't make sense )
Be the bigger person and just ingore it
Lol , I am fat . so I  will give you a great answer .
In short , if she thinks she looks good , she  will feel good !
Do nothing and keep you mouth shut .
If your scared do n't do it
If you like him and enjoy hanging out with him then talk with him and hang out .
So just chalk this one up as a learning experance , and go on and enjoy life .
I think it is quite cute . McDonalds is a relaxing place where you can hang out and have fun !
But even if you explore your options . it still does n't mean you  are Bi .
8th grade is too young to date , baby !
Cannot nobody help you have sex .
What does the new girl think of her ?
So what you call a good kisser and might not be what i like .
Why do n't you kiss him first and stop waiting on him .
What does the new girl think of her ?
Go ahead , just go up and ask , maybe just go as friends . Good Luck ; )
So what you call a good kisser and might not be what i like .
Why do n't you kiss him first and stop waiting on him .
I was kind of let down cuz it was not wut i expected , but the next time was much , mucn better
Why not go out with one of those other 50 people ?
There are plenty of horny men out there on the net .
My wife is beautiful , kind and smart .
Its BETTER THAN YOU HEARD , IF YOUR DOING IT RIGHT .
Under no circumstances do you EVER allow things to shift the other way . ever !
But if one or both of you still can not get over , do n't be friends .
Alot of girls judge and look at other girls .
To all the guys out there : GROW UP ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Everyone is right - you ca n't mess up .
Hes happy with her but then again hes not .
Slowly start to flirt with him and if he flirts back . then you know he likes you .
Do Not think it is quite normal .
I do believe that they are ALWAYS there , not only these days
We both work hard and earn good money .
Most guys that are obsessed , are the main ones to stalk you .
Well let us just say sometimes i feel no love from him !
If she 's just trying to be all kool she 's not .
If you cannot you  will never get over it .
Do Not seek revenge and forget about him and move on .
I cannot believe your asking that question you sick-O he he just playin > ; - )
Do people ever get over it or do they just learn to deal with it ?
You see the girl of my dreams is Tank Girl .
Now she wants to kick me out .
Hmm . i think he still wants you physically .
Just act like you want to be friends with the guy .
I do wish you luck . I know it is hard !
You should ask questions like what is going on and why hes acting funny .
That 's what makes this country so great . we get to have that ! ! !
But do n't mind them all because when you fall in love .
Is he taking the whole lying thing too far or am i ?
Now IT WOULD BE GOOD FOR YOU TO LEAVE HIM ALONE .
Ok this question is just too good to pass up .
If not , then tell me and i  will be glad to take it from here !
People fall in love because some people are beyond just liking .
How you gone ask some people you do not even know ?
( My bf does that sometimes too .
It 's not that bad if you already tried it anally .
Just ask him what 's wrong , delaying this issue wo n't work .
That IS THE STUPIDEST QUESTION I HAVE EVER HEARD ! ! !
I found out through his mother .
Never know til you find out
I also like guys with big soft lips .
You need to dump his ass .
Ok , so i got this crush on a best friend of mine and he knows .
Men lie because they think its right to try to protect you from the truth by trying to lie
If the freindship is real he will not get hurted
So : Say what you think before it 's to late !
To DREAM A DREAM , IS ONLY A DREAM , BUT TO DREAM OF THE ONE YOU LOVE IS REALITY !
There is no answer except for this : ONLY TIME WILL TELL .
I AGREE WITH MN_SASSYGIRL PLUS AN EXOTIC LONG HONEY MOON AFTER THAT ( HAY DIOS MIO )
He 's in jail now because of this guy I am friends with .
It said ask any question . I wanted to see what would happen
Find something else to do , occupied you are mind with something else .
They are both very samrt and mature if that helps any .
You need to stay away from that guy
You have to believe it to , so get out there , watch , listen , and then talk !
Because people just love talking about sex
That guy is so handsome , he must be gay .
Maybe next time though , do not always give too much hope on a guy .
But that is the way it goes .
Ask him if he will pray with you for guidance .
Are you asking guys or girls
Maybe you should use stronger deodorant .
Why do you call yourself ' black ' ?
No , your just not doing it right if you think that .
It will not hurt infact ull feel much better ( trust me on this )
I really like him , and i know he likes me , but how do i get things started ?
They  are just telling you what they think of you are bf .
If she likes you too , then . What more could you ask for ?
Its really hard when you want to know what happened .
You Are ex : Does this dress look fat on me ?
Call her say I LOVE YOU
Love is joy , obsession is where the pain comes in .
16 minimum ; preferrably when you are 18 .
( not that many explamantion points though )
Give him a hard time too while your at it .
Do Not be her friend she will just stab you in back .
Well 'NO ' if she asks she is not a nice girl
Still ca n't figure it out myself .
My OPINION . you did kind of put yourself out there .
A viberator is a dil do .
It is wat it is means drop watever you were talking about
Unless she is a millionaire do not just hang on .
There 's lots of stuff you can do .
I only like him as a friend , English !
Be nice he is confused himself what to do
Now You Are ANSWER : JUST LET IT HAPPEN DO N'T TRY TOO HARD B/C YOU  ARE GOING TO FAIL
I feel I 'm ready to start meeting people again but have to confess that I 'M SCARED !
Of course I was cheap and only took her out to IHOP once .
The second was actually one of my managers , which worked for a while ( nobody knew ) .
YOU have a chance because she misses you
Great question . you make me blink and think .
Boys do not ever know what they are talking about .
Or should i date someone older ?
Once you get invoved it automatically goes both ways .
I hate hair that is tooo short .
Do you know what your best friend feels about this ?
( I tell guys that I like them , it 's really simple ! )
Got a divorce because of it .
If you had legitement reasons why you lied , you should explain to him why .
It definitly has to be Face to Face .
The person YR looking for is not me .
If you are that daring , then go for it .
As SOON AS YOU FIND OUT THAT THE PERSON IS USING DRUGS .
I guess it would be wrong to ask you to send video of what you 've been doing ?
Men like for you to chase them . see what happens when you stop calling him
And then they had a small buffet , even though there were over 250 guests !
You are looking for a fix me up guy .
If I like my girl I would never do act that way .
I mean the matter is does it make you happy or not > ?
Should i just start being mean or something ?
I need a wife to be with .
Email me and I will show you pics
Guys that smell like armpits and patchouli !
. it 's EXPERIENCE and WHOLE life ! !
Watch how you carry yourself around .
I mean he cute but my friends call him monkeyboy .
Personally I like to woo hoo !
Of course . go with the one who loves me .
I am in my late 20 's with no kids .
No , if you break up it will be a mess
It sounds corny , but girls love it and it 's a whole lot of fun .
Wtf do you think you  are gon na do if you get pregnant before you even reach high school ?
! other than bein controled by someone .
My advice to you . stop sleeping with him and move on .
Much less be married or have kids with one ?
You ca n't help who you fall in love with , can you ? ? ?
Maybe you should learn to spell women .
I say hey sometimes or just let him stare.But is he just too young to understand how I feel ?
Do Not try to start out with saying you like him .
Show him why he should like you then let him ask you out .
You were wrong and I hope you go to jail .
They can pick up on that stuff .
She may be hurt , but she  will respect you enough that you told her ( at least I would think so ! )
No , it should n't do that unless you actually go into the site .
Probably he 's afraid that you might say no .
It 's different and OH MY GOD ! ! ! !
If usay they fat and there 's a size 5-6 then they get mad .
Hope you figure out what his up to .
Something like What the hell are you thinking ?
I do n't know , maybe you should go ask your mom that question ?
Umm no friends have their opinoins but you do not have to take them .
He will kiss you if you give him the chance , or you might have to kiss him first
Try meeting them there and be late .
That 's what a big man would do
Dang , dude , you are WAY to young !
* * WHATEVER YOU DO DO N'T PURSUE HIM ! !
See i love my boyfriend very much .
Say no , , , freindship means so much than sex dude
Sue the pants right off of both .
I want to sleep with this guy i have been seeing for 1 month , he is so hot .
Try match.com you could always have a profile on many of them to increase you are chances
I would much rather be with a person who is complete then looking for me to complete them !
Okay just give me your eamil add . i will tell you about her . ot email me at confusedmemore @ yahoo.com
Your next door neighbor only if she is over 22 , unmarried .
I 'm talking about researching about apartments , good jobs , and a nearby school , etc .
The DAMAGE HAS BEEN DONE , AND APOLOGIZING WO N'T HELP HER SITUATION .
Yes you should get it i got mine today .
Just do n't lie , what ever you do .
When we first got together she tried to get him back but it did not work
She needs someone to lean on not kiss on .
I think i may know you .
- if he 'hates ' you then why would you want him to like you anyways ?
I act too much like one of the guys , joking or whatever , and I 'm just not girlfriend material .
Eventually she  will see that you really do care about her and she  will come around !
Or just leave things the way they are and call it good .
Boys- how long do you want a gurl to wait to say she loves you ? would you say it first ?
Either that or his pretty blue eyes * wink *
Try to chat with her on the topic of herself onlf .
All you have to do is be cool and trie not to studder or something like that
Then maybe you should breakup with her and get with me
Tell me about yourself if you are looking for a freind
Look in the phone book of norwalk , for ernie anguino .
Just think if sombody touches you are wife wold you like .
After 8 years . what is his problem ?
Then maybe you should breakup with her and get with me
Look in the phone book of norwalk , for ernie anguino .
Just think if sombody touches you are wife wold you like .
After 8 years . what is his problem ?
Good luck , it 's not easy , I know .
I really think you guys need to get in to family therapy right away !
Do n't keep bugging her - girls hate it so much !
Try to understand that unless you make a stupid thing they wo n't laugh at you .
How can I overcome this friends ! !
< 33 if you feel this way then maybe you are fallin in love !
Some guys just do n't know HOW LUCKY THEY HAVE IT ! !
Be a gentalmen all girl 's love that .
Because it sounds like either a trap , or the beginning of a fight .
Yes , but they  are extremely hard to find .
If it seems that she is doing something snicky that probably means she is with him .
Oh i would so love to be your friend !
Please , I really like this guy , help me !
Its his job to make your life hell .
Good things come to thows who wait . besides hes problably waiting for a speacial moment
If you do make sure you keep reciepts of the stuff which is yours !
Go somewhere you  would have fun anyways .
And laugh and see what he says .
Waiting for something miraculous to happen is not going to make it better .
You should tell her that hes pissin you off .
If he 's not ready he 's not ready .
If you love him than who cares if he 's purple .
You are so right about the GOD thing
My BROTHER IS OLDER BUT HE STAYS FOR HIS GAMES
No i urinate when i urinate .
Ya go the car back so your not totaly finanicaly ruined .
Yes I do and I am one of them
Why do people think that other peopl will make them whole .
It  WILL BE MORE LIKE POORING SALT OVER A OPEN WOUND .
Or are you just doing it for the heck of it ?
Take me with and ill have it with you
I too have found that many people do n't believe in true love .
) , play catch at the park , etc .
Even if she argues back . just stick to your first responce !
You should n't have a hard time getting somebody else if you doing it big like that .
But if things do n't get to well , do n't worry .
Look both ways and then look up .
I do not know , do they have it there or you ' r inviting ?
I Am 10 am i to young for my first kiss ?
He may be to afraid to try !
If I was your wife ( thank God i am not ) I would leave you ! ! ! !
There maybe an under lieing problem .
Its like trying to make a herion addict stop shooting up .
He has been talking to his ex wife a lot and i do not know what is up with him .
Because coyness is sometimes appealing , and talk sometimes unnecessary , for both men and women
Oh , and if you can remember anniverseries , birthdays , etc .
If not , then kick both of them to the curb .
Swift kick you know where , or just flat out embarress him
Because he 's weird and he ca n't control his impulses
She will not ever cheat on anyone again .
Wait untill the answering machine clicks to hang up ?
But Do n't Be COMPLETELY Slutty ( No Offense ) !
Even if he looks at girlie mags or watches porn .
Get AS MUCH FOR YOUR MONEY THAT YOU CAN AND GOOOO FOR IT .
You have the rest of your life . whatever you do , do n't sneak behind your mom 's back .
Everyone does it and if they say they do n't , then they lie .
A guy that i am dating once told me this , what does he mean ?
Show to him that you like another guy !
Most men ask her thing they do not want like a relationship and some lie to get what they want .
Find at least 10 girls you  would be interested in .
Flirt for a while , then ask him out
His or her mother did not have too , he or she did .
Do N'T FORGET HE IS YOUR FRIEND 'S BOYFRIEND .
The only reason for a guy to become best friends with a girl , is cuz he likes her .
Meanwhile go out and have fun .
If its too many then spare him .
In ORDER TO FRENCH KISS SOMEONE YOU HAVE TO USE TONGUE .
Follow her and tell her how you feel .
Do n't wait . what if he goes with someone else !
You should wait a while then sit down and talk about it .
If YOU GET YOU ARE BUTT OFF THE COMPUTER AND TRY 2 FIND SUM1 YOU MIGHT !
I 'm attractive and fun but I just ca n't seem to get a guy .
That Is nasty but just say its over
Myself , I  would rather my girlfriends did * not * think my guy was the cutest one out there .
If they really want me they need to prove themselves worthy .
4get him gurl i mean there 's tons of guy 's out there !
YOU should move on but still keep n i out ( you nevr kno ) .
Is it a guy or girl ?
I think it is till you get matured on the stuff
Do n't neglect yourself because you are married .
If that does n't work , something 's definitely wrong .
Maybe because they think they are too good for anyone !
Id think just sit on his lap and make him laugh and make him think about sex
We ` re not in the middle ages , the guy doesn ` t have to make the first move !
I really REALLY wish I could have waited until marriage actually .
Guys love being told they are liked .
My husband when he gets home from work
Maybe you should try to keep all three people in mind .
Forget his age , immagine him as the best .
Good luck Sweety , Tina , Houston , Texas
Who will let me stick my tounge down thier throats .
She is carrying a lot of baggage you ai n't gon na get on the train .
If your scared , you should n't be having sex in the first place .
Stick to your guns and best of luck !
You know what I 'm talkin ' about .
That Is ok ill take the 2 points and run
And aways get us a gushy card and gift that 's great , too .
At least that 's what it seems like .
I find it difficult to confess .
Well . if you love him , and he loves you .
There 's this guy I like ALOT and I just found out that he knows .
Try Gerber Daisies they came in just about every color and size you could ever want .
I do n't care what these other people said .
He slept with 2 of my friends , and is not a resposible guy .
YOU do not have to make a choice right now .
It just ai n't going to happen .
You WENT THROUGH SUCH EXTREME TO GET THIS WOMAN BACK THAT YOU HURT INNOCENT PEOPLE .
Needless to say , I had VERY happy feet !
Do you know what I say .
To me skinner girls are hotter .
My BEST EXPERIENCES IS TURNING MY LIFE OVER TO JESUS CHRIST THAT WAS THE BEST EXPERIENCES
If she is a nice & carring person is n't that enough !
I 'm not for doing kids wrong .
I learned after 20 years that they were both no good .
So go ahead and do the rite thing ! say sorry to her ! ! !
Because it teaches guys how to get laid for less money .
I do not know if he has those feelings for me .
See if he wants to watch a movie together that you know he  would like .
And you  will see for urself what can love do !
It got to the point that to me men were like tissue : soft , cuddley and disposible !
May be she is not a lesbain after all .
No offense , but Jupiter is saying that because he 's a guy .
If you both r deep in love and you r old enough , there is no harm in going ahead
Be confident men . just do it . all the best
Why do so many men treat women like garbage ?
Just hang in there , it  will get better !
If she has not said it first ask her if she loves you and go from there .
If she 's an outdoors person , go to the beach ( take a walk , build a sand castle , etc .
I think the fact that you called him means that your ok to see him .
Did Honey wan na f @ ( k not work ?
You would be better taking sugar pills and think in your head its getting bigger .
Soul mate = 1 . true love = maybe 2 . just having fun lovers = as many as will have you .
I would n't want them gunning for him .
We just play dumb so we get what we want .
You not the one to marry her , is you family holyer than his ?
I have a friend who is dad just died .
Do n't walk , but run from him .
Blow him once and awhile he will like that
I read the fountainhead before i was thirteen yrs old
< insert women opening up to their husbands joke here >
After a while , it  will get easier .
He probably would not be expecting to meet someone that way !
But some women are just like that SO Good luck !
Wow that is a weird question to come out of a girls mouth .
I Am just saying you could one day just walk out da door nd find da girl of you dreams .
Now . I have to go have my shoulder blades worked on . we  will talk soon .
Y 21 , TRY A SLIGHTY OLDER ONE . SAY AROUND 26 . THEY LAST LONGER AND THEY KNOW WHAT THERE DOING
Clitoris but before that nipples : p and before that , lips and neck , behind the ears .
I just do this to get those stupid points .
Everyone seems to think that i am the naive one , but i know i 'm not .
Make a new friend and wait ten years
Is not good for you , and can tear you apart .
If you care for him stay with him !
I know guys who are friends with girls they are attracted to .
I like my best ( guy ) friend & my other best friend thinks he likes me .
If he is all those things then i would go as far as he wants to go with me .
If you care for him stay with him !
I know guys who are friends with girls they are attracted to .
I like my best ( guy ) friend & my other best friend thinks he likes me .
If he is all those things then i would go as far as he wants to go with me .
Be yourself , your awesome enough , do n't put on a show . Do n't do anything I would n't do . lol
What kaitlyn said i am sorry i am no help its my job to disappoint people
Then hey , i wish all my x 's where like you .
Seriously you can just sit there and everything will be okay .
Any advice . Should I ask him what he feel really towards her and what he feel towards me ?
No i think it is not possible .
The way I see it , is if they do not want to be with me then leave .
I Am in love and i am not sure to ask her on a date
I mean really if we had a perfect person , they woud n't be any fun .
Suprise him and kiss him first .
And dating only gets better with age .
All I know is boredom is because by too much want ( input ) and no output at all .
Simple as it is read a love story before you go to bed !
Its impossible to blow if your not hard
I love this girl who just wants to be friends now .
There has to be some plus to being married .
Unless you are a glutton for punishment then go ahead !
Just wondering , lots of wolves out there .
Quietly and plz shut the door when you leave .
There are a lot single women out there that do n't want to commit .
Wish my man would do some of this !
There 's no way that you could do that .
If you do not like me i cannot help it i like myself very much
Whenever I see a girl I think of flirting with her .
Yes but in reality it is probably lust at first sight : )
A hug will make her want more !
Buy her flowers take her to the movies .
Haaaaaaahahahahahahaha I bet I know what YOU  ARE doin right now .
If you love him than i think you schuold but you should follow your heart
Us men have to be trained to be able to do anything
I met my husband 8 yrs ago , and have been married for almost 6
And you  would know it for sure .
I know they work . and no I did not lie .
Yes YES YES Do Not kiss anyone till you are 15yrs .
She just want 's this guy to like her .
So , here is how it went .
YOU do not no what a vibrator is ! !
I tell her she is not .
No it means you are pretty open to such things .
I 'm comfortable with that , but I ca n't get him out of my mind like that .
No , it will alter the way he thinks about you
Cheating is not the right word .
Ask them if they are interested in e-mailing you then give them your e-mail address along with you are question
Lot of people saying the boy is young and immature .
I agree with Dee , if a cheater gets married hes a rotten twofaced dink wad !
And i can assure you she  will say it back !
Personally have no use for drugs and a friend who peddles the crap is no true friend
Yeah what do you got to lose unless you are a hooker
Anyways , I know you probably love that person very much , so do n't forget him and leave .
You definitely look like more of a lil * * * * * by not GETTING OVER IT !
I really want to talk to him but I 'm really shy and just ca n't do it !
It throws them off gaurd and guys like to be ontop of things and in control .
I look into her eyes and say would you like to go halfs on a kid
If he does not then work with him to show him where he went wrong .
Wait for her to give you it
Hi , I would not depend on your spouce putting you first !
) , and do n't look around ( you  are with this guy , no one else in the room ! ) .
You might just have an awsome bod .
He is silly . get him back .
Everything was good but he cheated on me .
If it feels like it is time to break up , talk it over and make it happen now .
He just thinks he wants that skinny little French girl .
Sex is n't for singles it for Married people .
It hurt 's people sure but that 's ok .
But would you tell your ex somethin like thst put your self in her position .
Not all guys are complete jerks .
Do Not feel to bad we all have our issues .
E-mail me back and tells me how it goes
Well do not ask him out just yet !
So though you r hurt , love is still the simplest reason y you find urself happy .
Regretful and dissatisfied . you know how unexperienced guys are . sloppy ! !
Girls- when will you tell him you love him ?
Does this guy hang around you and if he does , does he act different around you than others
God has someone which is best for you . just wait !
I love him it is a boy
I DJ in clubs and other places , and the ladies room is the best place for gossip !
He 's really cute he 's been really good to me
I want to be married by Elvis !
Some just wan na have a fling .
Now that we all know , and we approve * wink * , go tell her !
I am 13 and i told a guy that i liked him over email .
That Is tough do you know why they are talking so much lately ?
Wait until you are married but i prefer 17 .
Life to short to loose the one you really think is for you
Just tell them , its easier that way .
Curious . Why ask the question at all ?
YOU will someday find out it is unexplainable
A simple charming kiss with a red rose
Show them , hep them , and stuff .
See where it goes from there
Because its more fun to have options , maybe .
That sucks , courts can be so messed up , hope you find a nice girl who will not try anything bad .
In any case , the do n't 's are : do n't get drunk ( nurse one or two ) , do n't talk about exes ( !
Maybe he does n't like NASTY stuff .
Listen to what she has to say ( and I do n't mean hear , I mean to really LISTEN . )
Does that mean i am bi ?
Make a pro & con list for each man .
No , you should n't cheat if you are having a good relationship .
Give it to her then treat her like the slut she is .
Call from cell and tell her to get tickets .
Because the first time you really do n't know what you are doing
Ok why would you want enlarge it .
Try this : - ) Look up on google what various flowers mean .
My boyfriend is obsessed with me .
I love her . Well i 'm 17 so she is my age but its an unachievable dream .
There is some1 out there better for her .
Try ME , I MEAN TRY IT
Do Not just treat it as a bargain , make her think your into it too .
Just b urself and have a good time !
If you like him too , date him again .
Sure . you just have 2 know where 2 search . !
Will she ever get over it ?
Because we do not want to feel rejected by the person we like or think we like
You just are not doing it right .
Well , aparentally it is different 4 everyone , are you sure HE is the one
Mr RIGHT and MR HONEST and no cheating on them
Do this for her and then you  will be able to ask for something you want .
What school do you go to ?
It sure is alot easier on me , but it kind of hard on the woman .
You do it right there on the spot
If you have a good personality then you will get a girl .
There are millions of woman out there like that .
I prefer guys with short hair its better
M ITS EASY TO GET IN , BUT SIMPLIFIED ITS REAL HARD TO GET OUT .
Swinging , cuckold refers to a husband who gets sexually aroused seeing his wife with another man .
Well as a chick i am hoping you are not to outright eg .
! i am single and i am havin the time of my life !
Always ask if it is ok .
Maybe a makeover is just what she needs .
You know , the one person you want to spend the rest of your life with ?
But he was in the air force , so that did n't work out .
But to me like I said I 'm not fat .
Eventually you  will see the 'girl ' in the girl .
We still talk and e-mail once in a while .
Are there honest , attractive , availible women out there ?
Or is it true once a cheater always a cheat ?
Give more details if you want a real answer
And if you realy like her bring a tocken of your affection .
Buy her flowers or something that she likes that will get her attention .
What if he likes me but only as just a friend ?
Well if i broke up w/ someone i would want them to wait at least a week or so .
Do Not go with her keep away .
If she wants someone else other than you , tell her to try it , why not ?
If the girl loves the guy , then tell him so .
Works for me on men that are just friends .
If you cannot deal with that , then leave her .
If you know he cheated not once , but at least twice there is no way he  will suddenly reform .
No really only you know this get real
Postion to do if you really wan na hit the g-spot .
I like guys with like three feet of hair .
However . there are some really great guys out there .
Keep the faith baby others are out there and when in doubt just look in the mirror and smile .
If I was getting married for the first time ? ? ?
First you have to get to know the person you are going out with .
I know its hard to resist , but one day you will not even think about you friend
You ca n't it 's in our nature to have a wondering eye
But for me , I like an honest man .
Or does he need to get his s * * t together ?
Move on dude , she 's a playa '
Some are not most i can not agree with you
Your choice i  would say yes if hes a hot guy
Men and women are different in thinking and feeling .
He likes you hez a stalker or he haz starin probz !
If YOU ARE A TRUE FRIEND YOU WILL FORGET ABOUT THAT ONE GUY .
Do they like to be babied ?
That info is everywhere . even on you are computer just type in sex education or something
I do not like to be ugly friend but have just lost your mind ? ! ? ! ?
Answer me if you want to become my friend ?
I could most definatly be worng on both and i most likely am .
I 'm one , and I know lots more !
I know your not trying seduce but you get the picture .
Dude no man just do what ya do ya only got life once email at shadepearson @ yahoo.com
Then you dust yourself off and then you meet someone else and she breaks your heart .
If he knows . . does not have a girlfriend . and you are 2 shy . ?
All guys say they  will never cheat .
I have a realation with aboy lately .
Well I think you should ask him ?
So if he 's smart then no , he wo n't .
: if you ca n't get a moan , use something that will .
Me I look for a guy that is confident but not cocky .
Be honest , be yourself , say it like it is , guys will dig you more .
Good luck and let me know .
Save urself money & hurt , get a parrot .
Let someone else do it for you .
If you really like this guy then go up to him and talk .
Well . if you start now and plan for you and you are baby 's future , then you  will be set .
Especially when I could beat them in dodge ball !
What are the signs and what should i be worried about ?
Whatever , so what if they are playing .
See , two can play that game !
Maybe you should ask your mom ! !
If you use a telliphone then its kind of stalkery .
If things get frisky from there on out . you are in !
Playing with emotions does not make a man cool , but makes him lowdown .
Tell him that he is fat and ugly andpenis is huge like mine , babe
It ROCK MY FREEKIN SOCKS OFF !
And let me tell you it will not ever go completly away .
If you  are really good friends do n't go there girl .
Preferably long , no longer than shoulder length though
I really love my baby 's father and I want to get back together with him .
YOU will know which gal to choose when the time is right .
Leave things the way they are not too close not too far it will all fan out in the end
No matter what though , it 's all about the proposal .
If not , then next time date someone else .
At times it is but never doubt until you catch the other person then you will know .
It is definitely NOT just men : o )
Diiner HEY B-BALL SOMETHING I THOUGHT YOU WERE 6 AND YOU ALREADY HAVE A GIRL FRIEND ?
Once a cheater , always a cheater .
Sex is a very serious thing and you should definately wait .
If it is bothering her STOP !
I have n't cheated on any of my g/f 's .
Not all guys are cheat on their g/f 's .
Man just go ahead n tell her trust me i recently had to do this !
Instead OF WASTING YOU ARE TIME ASKING RETARTED QUESTIONS ! ! ! ! !
It sucks for a shy person , I know , but you will be so glad you did !
Who would want someone who is mean to them ?
I Am not kidding when my wife cleans house and then says she loves me I wan na nail her .
And most girls will stab you in the back for a guy .
Just wondering what some people feel guilty about
5 years is more then enough time .
That way it 's just long enough to pull and have it hurt .
I do sex when i am having sex
Your money sure wo n't buy you a golden ticket then .
First do not go down to his level .
I am not gay and it bothers me that they think I am !
Boys just wan na be ha ard , Ohhhhh boys just wan na be hard .
Who wants to date a wuss ?
You CA N'T MARRY YOUR DOG EITHER , ARE YOU MAD ABOUT THAT TOO ?
Boys like to play games in order to get girls to like them .
Listen in on a group of men talking .
Trust in what you have . you know and she knows .
But most men have it in check .
Yeah you probably should n't feel like that .
If you like both , you  are just bisexual .
Maybe you should talk to him first when you are around people
So all in all they can be very hot many different ways .
If you have n't walked away yet , walk away RIGHT NOW ! ! !
Because Women or Girls always want the guys to want it 24/7 .
Some really ca n't find contentment and a lot have commitment issues : - )
This IS GOOD THAT HE WAS OPEN ENOUGH TO TELL YOU .
They would always lie to me about my spouse and it caused alot of problems .
I AM 30/W/F , I WANT TO MEET SOMEONE PERHAPS THROUGH THE INTERNET , BUT EVERYWHERE I LOOK THEY WANT MONEY , MONEY , MONEY .
I wud suggest you stay away from these type of guys especially if you r decent n have morals .
To soon.do not ruin someone elses life , even if you do not care about your own
If you are a guy , go to mensfacts.com lots of sexlife info
I would but you live to far away
That Is like asking out the new kid that does not even kno every1 's name .
Hopefuly , you  will be ready for her ; When you do .
If you want to see him more , tell him .
Look sometimes girls say that to see what you are going to say .
And . for the idiots who think that ALL women over 30 sag , droop , etc .
Where DOES HE PUT HIS PENIS , IN THE HARD DRIVE ? ? ? ? ? ?
Um glad you 2 werked it out !
But he could not do the same .
Why not before it is done ?
And do n't get all fired up and yell when the child does stuff like burping .
Keep her around but do n't lie to her .
I Am confused , i do not know if it is coz she was my 1st love .
I actually prefer bald men lol
And then when you are dun then go and liv w/ him !
K , well , ummm , you sound um , seriously seriously um , immature and hot on yourself !
Now why in the world would you want to rattle with that mess .
That Is why they love older women dear .
I seen her for one night , and i for got to give my name and phone number .
2 ) What are you looking for in a woman ?
Why would you even want to ?
Why do guy 's be like that ?
Then you  will know the answer to your own question .
Maybe she is just scared that she mite get pregnant or sumthing , have you ever thought of that ?
It teaches women how the average man thinks .
It  will make you feel better : )
Yes most probabily when there left no attrecttion for you
How do you know he is that shy ?
Hey , I was going to ask the same exact question !
* sigh * That 's the part of love that is so hard .
You Are husband , you can always marry a star .
I am interested n am indian of almost dark colour
I 'm wondering if she cheated on you or if it was you who cheated on her .
Is he very . how do I say this . geeky ?
Damn where is y  will self- respect ?
Sorry . No you can not be friends and still have a good conscience .
I AM CUTE , PETITE AND LOVABLE , EVEN A LITTLE OLD FASHION !
But then I rememered one thing that my father had told me .
I could neva b sexier bcuz I would b jealous of myself .
They have a baby together but they were not like that when i first met him
Plus , men are idiots ( no offense )
Ask him out or just ignore him
And you would do anything for that person .
Since you  are a guy , there really is n't any too ugly .
Just tell her like you told us .
Wait until a couple years after your married
No no and no and no
There 's improv theater that 's like omfg so funny .
My best friend just found out that another one of our really good friends has developed feelings for her .
It all depends on how much they have matured .
Ask her why she does not want you dating .
Well if you are active , then just be less active .
As long as she do not smack you
Do not go back with him .
Look and ask is this the right one and if he or she is then go for it .
She wud definitely like to talk about herself .
Just ask him and if he does n't answer keep bugging him until he does .
Girls like that are hard to come by .
Ask him ask him ask him ask him !
So WHAT IS GOOD ABOUT THE RELATIONSHIP ?
Not long like girl 's hair long .
It depends on wut your like and how old you are !
E-mail me you are pic at rubyheartsjimmy @ yahoo.com
Or we just want to get along .
What DO I DO HE SAID HE DID NOT CHEAT BUT I DO NOT BLIEVE IT !
But maybe one time when you guys r talking n jokin around , tell him , imagine if we went out ?
Yes you can but you do n't have a girlfriend and i do n't have a boyfriend .
Do n't strive for someone that seems better than you , they probably are n't .
Well . do YOU like this Josh guy enough to sit around and wait for him to do something ?
( chopper ) sometimes he would be out there all day and night and not even say anything to me !
Why DO GUYS HAVE TO ACT SO PRIMATIVE ? ! ?
Where you do n't make a fool of yourself and you both had fun !
Ask your friend what kind of boy she/he likes .
Becuase he may not feel confotable .
Also , guys usually get defensive when they have something to hide .
If he says no and goes soft - bingo .
On a break up someone always get hurt .
Id like to know that myself .
If you like him , then go talk to him .
Been married twice , just be careful .
First off age ai n't nothing number .
Do n't feel bad and just get you a REAL man .
In a jokin yet serious way ( if that is possible ) .
Then you can say to him now that we have help to educate you .
( IN NO WAY AM I JUSTIFYING CHEATING .
Can guys seriously not tell the difference between just being plain nice and flirting ?
Yep that is what BOYS want , but I guess you were not asking what MEN want .
Have fun adn forget about him1 and you gave me answer about blodnes and i 'm a brunette ! !
Take notes if you have to !
That 'S IT JUST A GOOD LOVER IN THE BEDROOM .
I agree wit that oen answer if you concider them chicks go wait a very long time
Boys want soemone that looks good , is very nice and caring and is not really shy .
Love her and most important - FEEL PROUD OF YOURSELF !
Means heat and when you have sex you get heated up
Well it all depends on what type of vibrator you have !
Say , Listen , bitch . if I ca n't have you alone I  will have you both .
The first girl i fell for refused me & from then my condition has been like this .
There are NO akward sex questions .
Do Not get me wrong , its definetly not easy but that does not mean its a bad thing .
You CAN GIVE HIM AN ULTIMATUM , YOU OR HIS MA , IF CHOOSES HIS MA YOU ARE WELL RID OF HIM .
You ca n't tell on him/her , that would be messed up , because you are his/her friend .
2 ) your enganged to marry a man who had the same baggage .
They are not even men when they do n't do that .
Do Not do anything like get drunk , that def .
Even people in 90s can find true love !
I am joshua , based in nigeria .
Then burned them ( never send him your letters !
Boys will screw with you r head and lie .
Once she looks fab , go out somewhere fun , but not forcefully so .
I divorced him becuase of these reasons .
That 's soooo not true for ALL guys !
Or is she messing with my head . ?
I do n't believe that there is just one person out there for you .
No stay with him forever and ever
So blame it on most of the fathers , not all of them , just most !
I guess you physically look good and also you good at in bed
That Is not a problem . just wait for the rigth one to come . they are just around ! !
That is , since you do n't want any romantic ideas that lead to bed ; )
I hate knowing what you  are going to say next .
Girls : I want him 2 hint it but then i would go and tell him .
Because they are afraid that it will scare the guy .
Do not let him get to you !
If you are life long buddies then you need to go out soon .
Chat with friends and how enter chat room
Do n't grab , but otherwise , it 's not really a big deal .
Put some soap , vingar , or nail polish remover on your thumb .
So that is just my opinion and othas mite add to it .
Maybe not soon after they cheated but some time down the road .
You got to act it out though .
They were only getting married b/c she was pregnant .
He sounds like a jerk , your a lot more important than a bunch of friends .
So , I say , fresh start , new day .
If you love him or feel a connection then do n't break up with him .
Also , it confims that you are proud and happy to be with the one you are with .
Girls do tell you , just not in words .
I think that you should date some one older than you cuz people talk .
I mean why go back to the crap ?
If it 's something you like who cares WHY ?
Unless it 's what you both want .
I Am completely in love with a girl and its not right i want out i need advice .
Ask him the question , in some situation it is not good to sleep with someone right off the bat .
I know you do not want to hear this , but you are too young .
Do n't give him a hint , either .
There have been so many times in my life that have left me saying WOW i am glad i am alive .
Open her eyes to wat she is doing and how she is thinking .
YOU said hes you are friend so duh ! !
Really SHORT HAIR BECAUSE IT FEELS SO GOOD WHEN YOU RUB YOU HAND OVER IT
You want women to buy YOU dinner and then you do n't want anything sexual to occur ?
What if they start dating and he finds out abouthim .
What is he/she is looking for ?
Just do it like nike says .
( i do not no wut dat means but sum1 els used it above me ) wait about 10 years
And look real interested when she is talking .
Do not forget that you have a kid .
Depends on how hard you work to get your crush to accept you
My friends are always all like Just go talk to him , all you have to do is say hi !
Well , you might wan na rephrase your question
Most girls do not just worry about your looks but your personality .
Just let time work it out .
Tell him exactly what you want .
Have you asked a girl to lay you ?
Over him but life gos on and so will you .
Sometimes , it is the only action i get .
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
* move on * never follow or stalk him because then he  will think you  are phsyco .
Although , we never forget our first loves !
Or he is waiting for the right time .
Depends on how old you are . ?
Just ask God He 's not greedy he  will give it to you when the right one comes .
Third do n't pay attenchen to his crusing and just move on with your life .
Next time ask her for hers !
Yes if you come to me
Try making LOVE to her , instead of just having sex .
No matter where you are or what you  are doing , if she loves you , she wo n't care .
In a way that you would not hurt someone .
Me i do not kiss on the first date .
Just look at donald trump and his beautiful wife .
Deal WITH SCHOOL FIRST AND THEN THE OTHER STUFF LATER .
Wait like 2 more dates then if he dosent make the 1 move you do it k
Its called keepin your options open .
Let me go when i wanted to .
There Is a lot better out there for you .
After reading the addtitonal details , it seems like you guys just want different things from life .
Just one guy 's opinion here in the Windy City !
Then have some1 else give it 2 him 4 you .
If asking her out feels kind of awkward is because it is !
She thinks that she really likes this guy and WHAM , she gets another crush .
Treasure and be faithful to her , she deserved to be treated like a lady !
18 is fine for girls . 21 for Guys .
Why do people fell in love .
Other wise it will just get worse .
Tell her how you feel if you do not like how you are relationship is working out .
No way its too soon , unless it was love at first sight ! ! !
Why would n't you get attached to some good sex ? ?
After that , do some of your OWN flirting .
Make it in a way that both of you would not hurt someone .
Because most women want a man of looks !
But trust me there are good looking guys that will treat you good .
Life 's a b - -h then you die .
Have a home , nice job , new harley .
Do n't worry about what people think about you . be your self .
Yes , many times that 's the reason why people get together as in bf/gf
Lmao at the answers : ) lol
I 'm sry if i come off a bit rude but i 'm not trying to .
I think that you are a sick headed man ! ! !
No it is very more romantic when she do not know who you are .
Girlfriends come and go , , , have fun while you can .
Fall in love then you will know .
Try it out if she still acting bad try to setting it down a little like .
Look in the phone book PLEASE .
The thrill godd girls have never had that thrill
Please explain ( and YES , they DO have . feelings LOL )
Do n't try to hook up with somebody on the internet !
Mirrors , music system , soft fabrics , candles , shades , GET RID OF THE TV !
I feel its just yuck if I do n't .
Never trust a woman in a freaken BAR !
Love will make it through everything .
Get back together with her and then cheat on her .
I am 17 and I have been liking this guy for awhile now .
Well , everyone has different tastes in people . You like big butts , and you can not lie .
I mean that really , special friend who listens intently .
Otherwise - Love & Use , full steam ahead .
Heels are up to you but try Zappos.com
But i still think it may be a little jump
Well I can think of a few ways !
And ask any elderly person from her family to advice her .
Plus why a 15yo like a guy 20ysolder older than him .
Girl . do n't get married to catch nobody . BIG MISTAKE !
YOU do not have 2 have sex or even concider it as a date .
If he 's ok with that , then give the invitation .
No matter what maner you chose to take the plundge , be up front and honest .
I thank any latina can be sexy how old of a male you looking for lol . Richard
That would probably be the best way to handle it .
That 's how women are so deal with it .
Only thing was that he was cheatin on me and still coming back to me .
I was good friends with her sister .
If you are not happy , then you should end it .
I  would be afaid to be with a gay guy for that reason .
First off you should only go as far as you are comfortable with .
How can a loser ever win ?
1why WOULD YOUR SISTER TRY TO HAVE SEX WITH YOU IN THE FIRST PLACE .
Hope all works out for you !
Uber_wise_james Hit the Nail on the Head .
I feel really sorry for you .
Maybe we are just to picky .
I want to know how to impress boyz
Bottem line , all that matters is if the 2 of you are on the same page about the relationship .
Its more personal . just see how these next few weeks go .
Sign up for some classes or courses ( like art , music etc ) .
I still think he likes me .
Only if you  are wife/church is telling you it is , and if they are . run run run away from them .
Which is boy , which is girl ?
I thought I was going to spend forever with someone and that did n't happen .
And I can find enough about myself to like that I do n't need a man .
Write her note or get her email if she has it and send her your ?
Because boys are silly old chums who always want want they can not recieve .
Buy some velour or velvet and drape from the ceiling over spa or bed
I THINK BECAUSE THEY DO N'T TAKE RISK IN LIFE AND BAD BOYS ALWAYS DO .
I guess the cat 's out of the bag now !
Just remember you ca n't always get what you want .
He wo n't get that promotion to buy women things later .
Maybe you need to confront him and see what is going on ?
I do not knwo . Do you like to change people may be ? ? ?
Sounds like your thinking of killin the guy ?
No its not unless you let them know .
Is your first name pronounced win ?
But , just remember if he is not undestanding about it , it could hurt you in the end . all the best ! ! !
He likes you all the way .
It was fun acting like kids together .
But I have a fondness for my awesome legs !
If she does , and she stays even though she 's unhappy , it 's her own fault i am going to .
Joey p_p said it well : read and research this .
Blind DATE , hmmm . go out with him , but please ! ! !
You can always hustle candy at school or you can also try to become a prositute
I USE TO WEAR MY WEDDING BAND THEN ENGAGEMENT RING .
When you both feel like it
I do n't like the idea of him doing that but i could n't change it .
Yah , I know , you do not wan na rite .
You just can not kiss up to his every need .
If she has a problem feeling sexy , leave her and find a decent woman .
It depends on the kind of girl you want .
Hope you dream of that special someone .
I  would rather find them in real life .
Of coarse that is the best way to find someone for you
She is too young i would be looking for this girls mother and turning him in
Maybe you should talk to the girl and tell her that
Plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz answer me baq thank you very much
Phaze , but I am stii leary to no end .
Makeup your mind , if you think you are mature enough to handle such things .
You should not even think about doing this and if you do your so freakin ' STUPID !
I do not know what to do Help : (
Then stuff him into a 55 Gallon drum .
Keep her satisfied and you wo n't have to worry about it .
And things like this are betterout then in .
Arrange one week of surprises for her .
Like I said , do n't think bad , think good .
But , you could have added a little bit more info .
Be with friends ( but do not discuss it ) .
The ONLY WAY YOU CAN DO THIS IS 1 ) DO N'T MAKE A COMMITTMENT UNTIL AFTER YOUR DECISION .
I ca n't tell you to wait because that would be unfair .
! . give her a hug and listen to her and be nice ! . good luck !
You can love anyone you want . but that does n't mean they  are going to love you back .
And he is like 6 years older than her !
Just do little things to let her know that you care
My mom is really conservative , but i love hickies .
But should i make the first move and kiss him or wait untill he kisses me ?
Fortunatley I lived only 5 mins .
It makes everything worth it . its all there really is in the end
I am now over that , All woman are EVIL !
Was i wrong to break it off because he lied to me about smoking weed ?
I HAVE A SAYING IN SPANISH ( PERRO QUE LADRA NO MUERDE ) DOG THAT BARKS ALOT , DO N'T BITE !
Or just sling compliments his way , and appeal to his ego ) good luck
That Is love - something that  will last forever , even when you get wrinkly , even when you add some weight !
Plus some guys are scared of commitment and do not want 2 go further in the relationship cuz they scared .
So you want to break up him because lie about smoking weed .
Its not like you can help it , it is just the way you are .
Love does n't cheat , it 's a load of crap !
Your best bet is do n't , that is usually a good way to lose a good friend .
The best thing i have ever done is ride the dick ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Relationships do n't have to be so hard .
First year 2 times daily 2nd year one time daily 3rd year twice a week till 10 years .
3 months is just not enough time to know someone
By The Way~ I am not fat~ I am small and petite .
If you  are handsome most girls in that range like older men .
Alot of gals get horny during their periods .
I do not like math either but that does not make me less of a person .
YOU r not going to lose anything .
At first my mom did n't even know he was there .
Most people have no idea why they love the person they are with , they just do .
Nobodey lives in florida it 's empty
YOU cannot wrire man what the hell atr you saying
Let it be done on you that you have better life ahead of you and you have know past
Picinic , WALK BY LAKE , PARK ETC
Oh my gosh I sould be so honored , I never thought you would ask .
But remember to be safe . get condoms
You said best friend with soulmate and etc etc .
> > However , if she 's pregnant , I 'm not sure .
The girls are beautiful but are they trustworthy .
You want someone to agree with what you already know~ THIS IS WRONG !
because you are interested in that 51 year old married man
And i do n't think one certain hair length should be a turn on or off .
So yeah , do n't give hints about it , just ask and you will have a MUCH better chance .
There 's no mistaking it for anything !
It is scary to think about , I completely agree with you !
And by the way , she can only see him if her parents let her , they do not go to the same school .
Not wrong if you  are a dude .
Ask her out just like what she 's been doing , as if she never heard anything .
If he loves you that much you he will wait !
Check the chic out and be yourself .
Take gf to mall , take her into victoria 's secret .
But he did not even pay att .
No i so do not think that is wrong its normal
What type of girl r you asking cuz there will b diffrent answers . lol for me .
One line advice is WIVES SUBMIT TO YOUR HUSBANDS , HUSBANDS SUBMIT TO YOUR WIVES .
See she 's in my basketball team and i think she 's pretty hot , I like her personality just about everything .
Well i would say LEAVE HIM ! !
I do n't personally think it matters .
Go to AA and or stop hanging out with people who drink .
Like Beyonce ' says crazy in love .
When she found out I ws already pregnant so she could n't exactly kick him out .
Change the locks and tell him to go back home to his mama .
It depends on the guy , I think .
Look your adults , Act like it !
You should just find another guy that likes you likes you !
I regret turning down good guys for jerks , cuz in the end I always lose .
Wow you can actually hear these answers ? ?
Sometimes you only find out that you really loved someone , or did not when its over .
But when you are ready that scary feeling will not be there anymore .
: ) have agreat life every one full of love and happnies
So GO ON WITH YOUR BAD SELF AND FIND THE ONE .
Yes , as it 's nice to be able to let rip !
Since we are just friends right now .
It 's a crush . they outgrow it .
I do not think you must be older than 16 years .
Find a nice place and pack a lunch ( simple ) wine , fruit , chicken , sandwich , ( make it fun )
I  will feel funny if I do n't .
Maybe just ask casually , Hey , you wan na go grab some dinner together tomorrow night ?
Well it depends on how big he is .
There WILL BE OTHER GUYS AND ALOT HARDER THINGS TO FACE THEN THIS .
The problem is I do not love my self .
But if it was me with no kids ?
But if your realy unsure get an honest friends opinion !
Ca n't wait to try it . whatever it is . I think .
It is better to have 1 .
You are going to have a bf trust me have old are you ?
What I used to do , as silly as it sounds .
Which is cool with me , but I never ask her about sex again .
You could if you wanted to there is nothing rong with that
If life would not be the same without the person .
Who ` s seth and what did seth do ? ?
No one can tell you if you are wrong in persuing her becasue everyone is not in your shoes
It does get better and you  are worth a good relationship !
1 If you r really looking for a serious relationship than believe me one is enough .
Sounds kind of weird , but it works .
Nobody will win if you stay with him
I already feel like i could tell her anything .
Just I WANT TO KNOW THE MEDICINE THAT IS ALL GUYS
Preferrably about love and in french with translation
Talk with him a little , he might just be shy , or scared you would reject him .
But perhaps you have a complex .
Anything with nakedness is lust and yes its adultery do not let others say its not its called being deceived
I still think about her . sometimes a lot .
Then he called my name , Sugar ?
N let dat man b happy wit da gal he is wit .
But note that I said MOST girls & guys and not all .
I go to his basketball games w/my parents & they do n't realy like him .
Go to a park and ride a bike !
Some do . others find it more difficult .
But yeah your statement is true
I am not trying to be racial here .
Do Not hide it like you are ashamed .
I then e-mailed her and asked her to meet up for lunch , she agreed and we had lunch .
Thers a old song out the called love hearts .
=d Well , good luck and hope this helps ! !
He may still love you but I think ( especially if hes still young ) that he wants to pursue other things .
My daughter . About 40 i think would be nice .
Just TAKE EVERYTHING ONE DAY AT A TIME .
My boyfreind there would be no way i could live without him
I mean how do you know it 's the right person ?
Then go get more . more . more
Enough with the dinner and a movie .
If it is just that you are single and you  are not finding anyone , just give it time .
You Are a sick , Perverted man .
Sorry , girl , but you  are kidding yourself .
When you see the one you will know it and your mack game will prevail !
I know that Bobby Bowden does
But if she does it to make you happy then right on for her .
But if you both want someone else , why stay where you are ?
Talk TO HIM AND SEE HOW HE REALLY FEELS AND THEN TELL HIM HOW YOU FEEL .
Well . they want someone trusting and loyal .
I like my long legs , abs and eyes .
When she 's ready , she  will tell you .
Russian woman are honest i am russian but i still would not trust her k
Nobody could tell you who to like or who not to like ! ! !
Hi , i am 9. i will click on abuse report and tell you my email
You go to email him he will not answer back .
But is it worth it i would say yes in a heart beat .
You might fall head over heals in love then start hating each other later .
But there is plenty of people out there .
You do n't want to wake up some day and wonder what the hell you were thinking .
Stop growing up and have fun like your a kid .
Do n't only listen what the person says , listen also how the person speaks .
Hopefully some day I will find out
You need to pack away your extra baggage and concentrate on him and not your ex
That would be me i am me at footballman863 @ yahoo.com
How about a sunrise service in the park , the beach , or on a mountainside ?
It dosent have 2 b about love , or age .
Why do n't women ask men on dates where is their confidence ?
You know somethin like the average jock .
If your good at english , your bad at math .
If you have a probelm with it do n't marry her .
Do n't let him do that to you !
Shyt i like plenty of guys . but i do not fantasize bout being reamed by them .
I guess you should people from that place .
He got to work and said , you have to go home RIGHT now , I 'm serious , RIGHT now ! .
Do you like a cuz she , s pretty .
Even being pregnant , it gets kind of worse .
Point Blank : Tell her you like her and ask her out .
If you wait until you get married you will not regret it .
Hey if that guy love you from true heart then that girl shd marry with that guy .
Eeww . i do n't like hairy chest .
What 's it called ( the clit sucker * * * * * ) where can I find one ?
The main reason this is okay is that it is ONLY harmless flirting .
There is no wrong or right . do as you like , but watch out for clots , you nasty boy .
Ask him what it means . just to be sure . 
Its so much fun dating @ this age .
You really can buy every thing at walmart !
What do base you love on ?
Go on and do not loose the chance to be close with them.so good luck 4 you .
Leave little notes all over the house telling her how much you love her .
All your love is what you vowed
( this is coming from a lil curvy girl too ! )
That is not fair at all it seems he is just showing off .
If he 's such a nice guy , why do n't you give him a chance .
Be a man and tell her you are feelings for her !
And i am the one who is gon na get laid off in a couple months !
If she did n't love you why would she be with you ?
I 'm not , just wondering , my friend is .
I have one of those ! he 's perfect.= )
But it does not mean that you technaclly want to be with men .
She and I started dating , then got married a year later .
He wo n't call me if I ask .
Tell each other how much you love one another !
But you know i mean know when its for real or not .
Take hold of your life and be the leader not the follower .
YOU saw him and what is the problem ?
If not present BUMPER CAR TIME !
But I mean , it depends on what kind of girl you are .
Ask your boyfriend if he loves you and see his response .
What is it about fart that turns you on ?
So I dump that B * * * * .
The schoool problems i can deal with myself .
Why would you even want to ?
First you want to check who is realy love you ! !
Like is it hard to find a person in bogota colombia
My boyfriend says i am going all the way on the love meter is that good ?
The most romantic thing Ive done is . take her to a movie . while . I had everything set in my house . i.e .
Or if he does not even show you anymore that he loves you !
And keep him as if he 's the only on this earth
Do not leave clothes lying around , help out with housework .
Well , you just wake up one day , and decided she 's the one i need in life .
I do n't know myself . but i will let you know when i do .
You are in for some trouble if you do n't .
It started a new tradition and the kids think it 's funny that mom and dad go on dates !
Do you want to or not ?
If he is ok with it then invite the ex .
Plus , my dad was n't mad at me about it , he blamed my mom .
I thought i did but he turned out 2 b a total jurk
Your are not a slut if your are selective who you have sex with
Kind Regards , Soul ( I know I must have really bored you )
The right guy is n't around yet , you have n't found each other .
Haha the SAME EXACT THING happened to me 3 days ago I 'm not kidding !
We ca n't hold everything in like you guys .
Have not looked back and i am beyond curious now
He will never , ever cheat on me .
Please guys i 'm dying here somebody say something
If he wo n't accept that as an answer , then be blunt and just say no .
Do anything you have to .
You sound like a nice person , just keep telling yourself , he 's not the ONE .
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
Is they did n't fulfill the dreams - fantasies - and career goal .
Yes i so know what your talking about i thing alot of people get like that
Then go to the gym and have a great time !
Should I let go of us ? ?
But i am leaving him because hes not the guy i thought he was .
Then hook up with the other dude while he watches .
And then just lay it all out .
I totally agree with little one .
But he may have feelings for you .
You guys are gon na me alot of other people in your lifetime .
Depends on what type of person you are
5 times a week with my wife , twice with GF !
She now comes to ME to have fun , that has actually NEVER happened before I must say .
Even though you two are not together .
You do n't want that for the rest of your life .
Even though i took alot of girls virginity away it still took some good makin to do it .
That Is when its absolutly the best !
And IF THE BOYFRIEND HAVE A RELATIONSHIP AS BUDDIES , IT WILL BE A CHALLENGE TO MAKE RULES .
I think any girl will mary you if you got some hairs on you are head .
I tried to do that a while ago , all i got were ingrown hair on my chest , really gross .
He said he always liked me too and asked me out .
But after women get married and are together for a while then it goes .
I 've looked everywhere I can think of : What is frottege ?
If he does not call as much come around or even tell you he loves you !
That is very easy , you ask for there cam , , , then ask them questions , , , the eyes do not lie
Maybe because they know they are better talkers than lovers LOL
Talk to her and hang out with her .
I LIKE A GIRL WHO KNOWS WHAT SHE WANTS AND JUST TAKES IT ! !
If there is love then you have everything you need in a relationship .
Do you even get them anything ?
I would love t ohave one night stands its easy and fun ! ! !
So now you know how Jennifer felt !
Almost naked with only a pair of pantyhose and heels on .
If he 's hurting you now . imagine how much more he 's going to hurt you if you stick around .
Yes if she comes back want you , an your money , place live
Go with what you thinks best but if you ask me it sounds like you should say yes !
So please help me , what sho0uld i do ?
Age ai n't nothing but a number
Pick THE GUY YOU LIKE THE BEST , AND THE GUY WHO LIKES YOU THE BEST .
It used to be Marin County .
Do Not let what happened make your life something it does not have to be .
I Am not sure . let us hang out : - )
I Do n't know what to think and i 'm worried that he is n't doing ok over their in iraq ! !
Do what I want , come and go as I please , no one to answer to .
Then if that do n't work confront him even though he will probaly lie you can tell .
And if he is going to come back to me and still be with me !
But then I am a gypsy of sorts so I may be roaming the earth some !
You are not , bad people do n't think they are bad , they think they are cool .
Well , start by complimenting her , girls like this .
She looked at me kind of weird .
K2_borja @ yahoo.com send me email now what is your name ? do you have a friendster id ?
Go to church there is nice ones there .
If you have n't seen him , and you do n't know his name , then I would n't bother .
Yes IT 'S NORMAL JUST TAKE SOME TIME AND THINK ABOUT YOUR SELF AND WHY DID YOU ALL SPLIT UP ANYWAY .
Um , well my best friend who is a guy asked me out and I said yes .
{ Att : People who do n't believe in divorce - save your breath .
Even women that I asked about his stuff seem to agree .
Tell 1 of you are friends 2 tell him or write him a note
Wow THAT IS THE BIGGEST ONE I 'VE EVER SEEN ! !
My bestfriend says that beer is the best way
Because the kids could be transferred between school quarters with very little hassle .
It might just be a great rush for you too !
& if this guy is telling the truth , and really cares about you , then you will regret it later .
Well you cannot be too young to get married .
If the relationship was meant to work and you are in love .
You are writing a good romance novel , but you need a church counsellor to make a good climax
But i think you deserve better !
Try looking into some gay or bi porn
See other women , just do n't sleep with them
Ask him if he still loves you .
I Am at peace after every orgasm !
My husband thinks my long hair is sexy and a turn on
She talked to her , and now we  are going out ! ! !
Do Not select any person from your family .
Its in the middle I have 1
Why would you ask strangers , do n't you just know you should n't do anything .
! And too bad for you , if you do not change .
And what if they flirted back with her ?
Someday you  will find a guy you find atractive and you should ask him out .
Otherwise they are enjoing other girls .
May be , you r wrong some where so far you r writing this ?
I guess it depends on the girl .
She will see what man was always there for her and which one she really loves .
The CHILDREN WILL HAVE TO HAVE SOME TIME JUST TO THEMSELVES ( AWAY FROM EACH OTHER ) .
I  would ahve to go w/ KenC 's answer
If you friend is only 22 she is just starting her life .
Just be your self and a gentleman ,
Ask yourself if you really love him .
I 'm 17 , and in love with a guy that is 21 and has a girlfriend my age .
I do n't like BIG BUMS but something that i can grab on
Important : Do Not let them know .
Try to bump up here bed time by an hour .
Bad boys have an edge that girls find dangerous , adventerous , fun
I am so old that everyone that looks desirable is way too young !
Maybe you do things that bother him too .
Who Is seth you are boy friend huh huh ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
I can be you  are friend even if you  are 7 years younger .
And obviously it 's not been ok with you for them to ask for cash .
( i am a girl so i probly should not answer the question , i just had to make that comment
Just take your time . patience is a virtue . Good things cum to those who wait !
No offence-I mean , I 'm just barely 15 , but who knows ?
Once a cheater always a cheater !
Oh , SAFE SEX = HAPPY SEX !
She is the only girl out there amoung 30 guys do you think somthing is going on ? ?
Of course he has no idea it is me .
Man you should see my other questions !
No matter what happens , do not stop talking to her for her mom .
Trust me I did on someone !
People do not break up for no reason .
Lol they  are not a lab test !
Do it when you want i did .
The guy ended up cheating on me and so i got sad .
Get out quick there are plenty more fish in the sea .
Honey , I have learned that when you look you will never find ! !
Keep IN MIND NO ONE KNOWS THAT I AM GAY .
Lol cos the truth is too ugly
I ca n't say much jsut wait it out .
Strange how that works , is n't it ?
Maybe 4 him all is just perfect with you .
Wrong . women are everywhere . check out David DeAngelo and his double your dating stuff .
This kid is a spoiled , raging brat !
Start IN THE AM WITH GENTLE BRUSHES AND SUBTLE HINTS .
Step towards life love and living
( I used to run track and still maintain great muscle tone )
To him , your just a filler .
Of course its the best way
And you say you like him .
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
He is like afraid to loose you ! !
By the way public , check my question i left for you
If your not married to them dump them they probably are not going to change .
Shut and lock your bedroom door .
Sometimes he ` ll pick my bra up and put it on and pretend to be me just for fun .
Everything is hard & its more hard if it involes love
: ) And besides , I 've got my eyes on a lotta real people who actually know me .
I do alot ( a whole lot ) of private home wedding , I love weddings at the beach .
So how do ya keep it all enteresting ?
How can i handle all of this ?
My FIANCEE CHEATED WITH MY BEST FRIEND .
Do n't presure yourself so much ! Just be like Hey How are you !
Why dont we just go and get some coffee or martini ( or both ! )
But I would really think about this .
Like places you often go to .
If SO , YOU NEED TO SET SOME RULES FOR YOUR BOYFRIEND .
You or the partner is too young ! ! !
Because they really do n't love you .
Best of both worlds just do not get caught !
In one TV shows I was surrprised by a 41 years old HOT BABE ! ! !
She does n't go to sleep at night ?
Ok , that is just weird I am assuming your younger .
It is n't good for your child to be there either , so get out while you still have your sanity ! ! !
We usually mean more than what we say , so we figure you do too : ) )
This is a really awful thing to do !
Unless you are famous , forget it .
As TexasCowgurl said a guy who look at the outer not all guys are like that
1 Corinthians 13 That 's if you wan na know what love really means !
It will not be very enjoyable the first time .
This should please him a lot
No do not call his butt.If he still had feelings for you then he would be callin you !
It DOES N'T MATTER IF HE WAS OR WAS N'T .
It depends if your friend want or do n't want you to have sex with him/her
Get over it and get on with life
Seriously , I never knew life could be this great !
Probably . hey , there are plenty of fish in the sea !
I mean it 's just a color .
But you half to think do you really want to B with this guy .
I think all girls should have hair .
Just break up with her , she CHEATED on you ! !
In my opinion its perfectly o.k .
Back way off before you lose a best friend .
I LIKE YOUR HONESTY , BUT DUDE GROW UP .
In my opinion he has found someone else .
Create SEXUAL TENSION LIKE THEY DO ON FILM AND TV .
I find that odd that guys spend that much time talking about it , blaming themselves .
First off , I am fat , so I 'm going to say this as bluntly as I can .
2nd WHAT WRONG WITH YOU AND YOUR FAMILY .
Now nothin is left , she is wth him and i am left alone .
Whatever she says then you must follow .
How can a loser ever win ?
She wo n't stop talking about him and its getting on my nerves !
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
Are you sure you two are still going out ?
I can turn the lights off for him , you know what I mean ?
It IS A BATTLE , BUT WHAT DO YOU CHOOSE ?
That is when it would feel like adultry
I do not know really this is hard !
Why would you want to chat with turkeys ?
Untill then ask quetsions that people , other than me , wil answer .
Man , did I learn that the hard way .
A HOE YA JUST DO IT ON THE BACK OF THE CAR , BUT A LADY SURE .
Do you prefer a man that expresses his emotions freely ( even crying ) ?
Just stay friends with them both right now .
Just start kissing her softly on her neck and shoulder .
Tell them I Am leaving . come back later . lol
Tell her you have been wondering about dating .
Trust you are just a kid .
Your child should not grow up in an enviroment like that .
But it 's not normal if in you are age you do n't have any single crush .
Like , let me give you an example .
Why do not you marry with the daughter of your mamoon .
Or does he think I have problem in sex ?
Is n't this the wrong category to be asking this question ?
Ask you self again do you really love him ?
It felt like eating a lot of chocolates and throwing up after .
Just say - I LOVE YOU
Honey I 'm not sure what to tell ya .
I 'm a hair and eye guy .
Yes i have been with him for 12years .
Find something you both like and buy it for her .
Heck yes , you would do for me sweetie !
You just have to pick the right one .
In your closet with the lights out ?
But it would be better for you marriage .
First of all did not it hurt you when you found out she was cheating on you ?
Are the girls like the one from american teen movies .
They want to skeet on you
Uh . no , because re rarely even fart .
My opinion , take your time , girl !
If you expect to do good in college .
Depends on who you are with , but this one guy kissed me , and the next thing I knew .
I told ALL off my friends that I liked him .
Oooo.looks like you jumped in too soon .
I think everyone is a little nervous there first time having sex .
Preferbly both but money would probly win
First of realize your relation . and then ask this question again .
Get OUT and never look back !
What ever you do do not try to pressure guys to be more emotional .
Sounds like some idiots I know .
Second : since when is a girl asking for $ $ $ ok ? ? ?
I can imagine but i 'm not a girl
Evertime he talks my heart beats faster !
That way you guys get to talk and enjoy an afternoon stroll , and you both get to work out .
Loves not easy so do not be so anxious .
That lazy son of a B * * * * * .
Notwithstanding THE RELATIONSHIP WILL STEM FROM THE LOVE AND AFFECTION EVERY WOMAN DESERVES .
Once i had a broken heart , crying all the time , did n't want to do anything .
Just tell them , do n't insalt them , but be honest .
You MEAN . WHAT . MORON HOW CAN YOU ARE OWN SISTER WAN NA HAVE SEX WIT CHA PLEASE GROW UP
My husband got his that way .
Just reading your question upset me !
10 months to go hahahaha 1 .
Hope this can help to you alot .
I love to do math it just depends on what subject it ` s on .
Depends . a dude looking for a wife would prob go to church .
If she likes him enough that is .
In THE SCHOOL DAYS I LIKE THE VERY BIG ASS OF MY CLASS TEACHER I DO NOT KNOW WHY ?
I do not think its right for him to be doing this .
Dude - do n't believe a single word of what these women tell you .
Do N'T RUSH INTO ANYTHING THOUGH , YOU MIGHT END UP AS A JOHN DOE .
There into guys , you just do not know it and its not cool to show it .
What CAN I POSSIBLY BE DOING WRONG .
My bf wants to have sex & of corse we  will use a condom .
Now that he obviously knows , it 's between me and him !
What happened if your boyfriend forget about your b-day do you think he cheaten ?
Am sure you too wuld b rotten rite ? ?
However he is the type of guy that all the girls want .
Some men are bi-curious , just like some women are .
( met him through me and my bf )
I 'm not a fan of guys wearing pink
Just make sure you  are not the rebound girl !
He dos n't deserve you if he acts like he dos n't care , however , have you asked him about it ?
She is n't going to take the news well , no matter how you approach her on it , so just do n't .
If you are a Christian then no !
But life should be made easier by the one you love .
Every time I look into my girlfriend 's eyes , I can see the beach .
The guy before me is a dumbass .
2 or 3 times a week
One , THERE IS NO RESPECT SHOW ON YOU AND YOUR BOYFRIEND .
Although it can go too far .
Get some courage and ask him !
You are killing your family and friends .
Ok so if it 's with another person .
It was fun to whisper in her ear months later , I saw you nekkid !
Have you tried LISTENING to her ?
You should not stay in a relationship that makes you miserable .
Now I WEAR MY ANNIVERSY RING , WEDDING BAND AND THEN MY ENGAGEMENT RING .
Be true to your self always .
You  are not a bad person . it is just being true to your self !
Coz there may be a way to control her .
Sit down and talk with him .
But he wo n't call to talk face to face .
Okay , first off . How old r you ?
And how do i find out ?
Because your 10th anniversary has to be super-special anyway .
I know Leo is a good match
Things that make both of you feel good ! ! !
If he keeps giving you the eye .
How to i convince her to come and hang out and spend the nite like everyone else does .
A lot of girl like guys to be up front : - )
Once a cheater always a cheater in my book .
Do n't stay , you might get emotionally attached and that would hurt you .
If you do n't know if you are ready then YOU ARE NOT READY ! ! !
So your ' e saying you  are always HORNY !
It 's kind of harsh but it worked for me .
Keep searching . things that are n't meant to be , will not happen .
It its not , you can ask is it wrong to be st8 ?
And besides look at my pic , i am no hunk either
I FOUNG OUT WHEN I GOT A $ 600 CELL PHONE BILL .
Love and hate . but really Love my friend
Can you wait until he wants ?
I hope you could find some good friends here , but always keep your eyes open ; )
If you do n't trust her , that means you probably are n't doing your job in the bedroom .
If you want to , then do it .
I still think he 's cute , i just do n't like him .
Get your nails done or something .
I m 18yrs n wan na good caring n loving boyfriend or life partner
Then it is meant to be .
I Am just looking for a friend . some one that i can talk too !
He says he still wants to be able to have sex but I told him no .
I love him but I ca n't continue like this ! !
Ya i think should just wait for the right guy to come along
Do Not hang up on the relationship , you do not know how lucky you are in this world .
Ignore him and do not annoy yourself to think about him
After they get married the chop off their beautiful hair and gain 50 lbs .
You are a pleaser , a helper , and maybe a martyr .
You loved this guy and he messed you up .
They are just more unashamed and freely talking about it
But not anymore with my bad boy * hehehe *
And you know for sure you ca n't avoid the fight .
Weed or no weed , he is a LIAR !
But be careful love can also break your heart .
No its not wrong age are not nothin but a number
You are SO sweet , and i do not even know you ! ! !
The answer depends on how long you 've been 2gether .
Or you just like looking like a sap .
Is it ok or is it considered cheating
So he 's a liar and definitely not the One .
Move on and do n't look back .
Because girls in general are golddiggers .
As a man you are not supposed to hit any woman .
But remember if he is being a good father let him be the father .
Jesus hates pornography , but he hates people who look at it even more !
Because my boyfriend is too jealous and he wo n't let me go anywhere alone umless is my mom ! !
Give him a general valentine see how he responds .
I can hear myself think now .
Because you hope they  will do the same for you ( do they ? )
Both OF YOU HAVE ALREADY MADE FAMILIES AND THINK THAT EVERYTHING WILL BE LIKE THE BRADY BUNCH .
All girls could be sexy in way way or another
A CHILD MOLESTER DOES NOT DESERVE ANYTHING WHAT HE DOES DESERVE IS TO GET HIS DICK CUT OFF ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Ok first of all why would you take a child to visit a child molestor ?
Is it on your best friend 's body , or his girlfriend 's ?
Infact i like the people here , they are hardworking and friendly .
But a MAN cries and you  are like . whoa .
At least this girl is honest .
Slowly you guys will become friends again .
Throw in a couple of restraurant meals ( about US $ 15 - ? ? ? ? . ) .
Actually I AM FOUND OF BIG ASS FROM MY CHILD HOOD .
Its turn on men like it simple
Take care and do n't worry , this IS fixable .
If you are married , & hes married , you both want to be together ?
This is the best thing that could have happened to her .
Has nothing to do with it
Then get the papers and ask her to sign them !
If he 's honest and says he loves you go with it .
If you are not married yet the answer should all be I have not .
Honestly , men and women say that they need time , but its almost always for another person .
I am agree with travis 2005
So if his you are friend do not do anything that will ruin you are friends relationship
4 ) If you r tensed , do n't shout at you are spouse .
You just do n't see that now because you  are grieving .
I never kissed her and ask her once how did she feel about sex .
So he can always take his balls and go home when hes tired of playing
My boyfriend and I just started dating .
Instead of wondering just ask what is the worst he could say to you no
Just relax you can find girls all over the place .
The GOOD OR THE BAD OF IT ?
I do n't think so , but it is worth a try/
5 ) Go out once in a while with you are spouse .
He finally asked me out and said soon he 's gon na brake up with her .
I guess i could say yes .
Kick them in the ribs then smash their head on a wall .
Just wanted info on it is topic
She is 14 and she is starting to really because serious problems with her dad and I !
Is cute when the guys wearing pink
You can love them , but they might not in return
: ) I would n't worry about the average .
Is THERE ANY PROBLEM WITH ME ?
If no change , it 's time to get rid of her
I mean you do not have to leave her , just warn .
I did n't have it , as i did not get married yet . and in Islam , , sex is only allowed for married couples . : ) )
I have called him twice since then .
Read my lips : You ` re a MORON
Why we say it ? why we fall into it ?
I think he is playing with you so fix this with his way and I Am sure that will work
Some guys look better in pink than some women !
But first , you have to be happy too !
So i 'm worried he might have changed his mind about wanting to still be with me ! !
We have found so much more 2 get upset about than age !
Ca n't have it all unless they both still love him and are willing to share .
Instead of , Gee , I suck at finding a good man !
So what you have a crush on this guy .
No , they know its not proper-ladylike ya know ? .
They do it just as the rest of the people who live in other countries ! !
I Am always too hot to too cold .
Even if she says no , the friendship remains
2.go to the park and have lunch !
Definitely not wrong if you  are a chick !
Go with him but keep it clean and no sex
Do n't try to be a perfect person because no one is ( not even the Canadian girl ) lol !
Funny acualy they do n't fart untill they are married because they hav n't got an a * * * * yet
Tell him no and give him an ultimatum , but be ready to walk if he chooses her over you .
What ever you do , do go slow and have fun warming up first .
Its all in the eye contact .
He did n't say the he was .
No way , you are stuck with it for life .
Man , just tell her and If its ment to be then it will be .
Ask her on the face you need not fear if she says a yes or a no
I guess inbetween would be best
Why do not men invest in their wives appearence ?
To answer your question what is love .
Everything is not and hopefully never will be on age ! !
Which is great , since women , like men , should be taught to love ( and respect ! )
Some girls like to be kissed down there , some just want to kiss , depends .
If you do not love her , turn her down .
Should be JP right there where you can get your license .
But she hits and beats me so hard that i have to defend myself and end up hitting her .
Love . is a think worth running all life after and die for/from .
( You should see them before hand ) Ughhhh !
You stop going out with him because he is using you .
Get some strange , but be safe .
Life is short , do n't sweat the small stuff !
I am sure he likes you too !
And if i do love him , how do i make a move ?
Blue eyed blonde who cleans , cooks and makes your meals day in and day put without complaining about it .
I asked can i tickle your feather ?
! I would love some bf advice ! !
Yeah I do love her a lot .
You are young it 's puppy love .
If he does not want to be with you , why be with him ?
No is not wrong and i think is cool
If you are not comfortable then leave or tell them that you have errins to run .
She was probably looking for a brother like relationship then sensed you were getting the wrong idea and split .
Do n't waste your time with this guy .
Good Luck I know it is not easy .
In case you have n't heard , guys are n't that good at getting a hint and picking up on soft clues .
A lot of good men are out there .
My life with my husband was a living hell , but I stayed because I said I DO !
You  will just have to move on now I guess .
Most guys just want sex but some look for romance and love
If you and him do n't mind about that small age difference then do n't care about what people say .
I have a daughter named Bethany !
I 'm a junior now ( he 's a senior ) and he still likes me .
Lol , that happens to me ALOT 2
Last week she invited me to her birthday with her family , I went .
Well , she obviously likes you , but you need to wait awhile to get her to open up
You HAVE TO KNOW WHEN TO SAY IT 'S ENOUGH .
Yes but only a freind and on the messenger only ok i am danitza753 16/f/ca on yahoo messenger
Your messin with the wrong type of guys .
Your A BETTER PERSON THAN WONDERING IF 'S .
Do Not let him see it coming , though .
Remember , mostly it 's if you love them ! !
Is n't that cute he leave his socks all over the floor .
I want an HONEST answer from those guys who know what i am talking about .
I do n't know man but that sound pretty scary .
To the extent i could die for the one i love .
Pick up your sox and give her control of the remote control !
If it is the same person .
Why of course . packing my suitcase now .
They ask so much question but all they want is a good conversation . = ) Cheers
Make up but you will not get away with it
But what i really think that they should put to death just like a murderer
It depends . some guys can carry them some do n't
I Am me at roguefire28 on yahoo messenger .
Id never forgive myself if i said that to some one .
Do n't worry about it too much .
A trailer dweller may like a gal who spits that chew far .
No i would not because if you are not got no feelings for that person it just would not seem right .
Knowing the partner will be there when you wake up !
He 's young as r you not really sure if your the one just yet .
Find another boyfriend , become a nun , anything but this !
That way , you get something as well ; )
And my boyfriend gave me two !
And when your around her just think of the thing you like most about her !
You can not read an answer to find that ifo out you have to ask her that question .
I Am warning only too those 's who lie .
Can someone tell how there are true people on yahoo and if there true how can you be sure
You know the usual cheating feeling .
For the sake of your child .
Love the girl for who she is , not what her hair is like .
Sure do love to collect friends ! ! !
This GUY HAS ALOT OF FRIENDS WHO ARE GIRLS .
My guy broke up with me over the phone fri. i need to talk to him .
If you have money $ 40 to spare then goto a motel or ask a friend for his/her room .
That big spot between her ears .
If you want to . do it yourself .
Let her do what she needs to do and then she  will cool out and so will you .
Are you trying to be cute and funny ?
No need to rush - really .
But it took me 6 months to figure it out .
He may not be ready for a relation ship but he should n't be treating you that way also .
It 's called ATTRACTION . bad boys use it most without knowing
I will not let someone run me out of my own house .
Even if he 's hooking up for money people do n't seem so concerned with it .
Once a week , if your lucky .
She needs to realize that you care about her health too and not just her looks .
Why make her fall in love with you ? ?
First : asking for sex is like . weird .
May be because we are unable to understand it
Stick aroung for more crap , or finish it off for real ?
It looks like your batting { empty set } right now .
If she is a smart girl she can convince the guy to wait
So in return I feel like it gets cut short alot of times .
There is no sexier site than this !
You said you love her so you should stay .
Hi there . YOU should always think that sex is created 4 expressing love beyond talk and hag .
Idont use fake pictures or fake descriptions .
Well . get to know her a bit .
To quote jay-z 's song ladies is pimps to go on and brush ya shoulder off
Learn yourself , your needs and what you want in a person .
And since the house was in my name only .
The SAME WILL HAPPEN FOR YOUR DAUGHTER AND YOUR BOYFRIEND , .
When you push , like in flirting , you attract the wrong kind of guy .
He tells me he got the email .
Sometimes its love and sometimes there using them because they just want to have it ! !
Who knows what city folk like !
I not pretty sure what love is so that why i 'm asking .
It 's not that tough and it could actually help your relationship .
Most beautiful girl i have ever seen .
I do not think so , its actually something you can do with your spouse
Otherwise send her to her friends house .
Once you truly love a person , you  will feel it inside you that you need to protect that somebody .
Cept the girl was in my english class , not science .
And I 'm not fat either- 5 ' 2 110 lbs
My fav body part is my 38D boobs .
A man will say , he has the best of both worlds .
I really like this guy but i do n't even know if he nows i am real ? ?
But do not call him then it will seem like your lonely !
If he 's shallow and maybe slightly rude , you can know 4 sure that he 's only looking for good looks .
Watch them secretly you will find a guy who realy loves you . best wishes nick jishnu_vv @ yahoo.com
You win some and you lose some .
Your bf should be the one to tell her that it 's just not gon na happen .
But do n't worry if you keep looking you  will find it .
Make him jealous , do the things he does to you . and have fun !
I am attracted to bigger women , but when you think about it all women are sexy to someone
The lieing part is worse than the weed smoking ( in a relationship )
My dear , you are only 18 years old ! ! !
In my opinion once a cheater always a cheater .
Tell her that she is just not the one for you
All of us girls want the best guy possible !
God just shows you way if you belive in that .
Now to a straight guy it 's probably getting together and hanging out , going to party , and stuff like that .
He WOULD STILL BE THWERE IF HE WAS .
Do n't shave your chest , its a waste of time .
Do n't jump before learning how to walk !
Kid , just concentrate on study first to avoid too much drama and heartaches , lolz !
You might find a new avenue for fun and spice up your love life all at the same time !
Oh well , tell her if mom can join too .
But never taken time off to see me .
Well right me to see how it goes !
In life , If your good at math , your bad at english .
I wish i had a brother as nice as you .
Its depend on guys but i want she 's cute , sexy , beautiful eyes , long hairs , smile and looking innocent .
You should n't feel bad ourselves remeber thisFool me once shame on you but fool twice shame on me
She brings my friends and co workers in the problem , i just need some help .
Sure I get called a B @ # $ !
His passion for life and the Lord !
I KNOW I AM NOT THE HOTTEST THING .
What if gals wear men 's undergarments ?
And that would be a huge problem .
Makes for a good ice breaker .
If its male/male you may wan na sink a bottle of JD first !
Just because they know french and english ?
Respect means do not flirt in front of her and never forget she is your one and only love .
You are a jerk on the real .
Boys are bad with dates in general .
Although some people say it just to say it .
As a guy i can tell you he loves you .
If you got a kid , your life never will be as you dream of . not now , never !
Yeah sweetie you guys really do not pay attention to details .
Only if you think he really likes you ! ! ! !
Some people would like to know
I would say that it was bad because he said that YOU were the one goin over .
I think it 's because women believe they do n't deserve any better , and that is sad !
He probably is n't cheating , he 's probably just stupid ( like me ) .
= ] Anyway , I 've heard enough guys say horrible things about big-bellyed women .
You wan na kiss someone you really love .
Its always a bad idea to have a relationship at work
E-mail or fax her : Dear /name/ !
Go out on a date with someone !
Demonstrate how much fun and better it would be for her if you were her man .
( try asking for his # or offering him yours .
Girl . you should not even need advice for this answer .
Ok , I 'M THINKING YOU  ARE SINGLE SO THIS IS WHAT YOU CAN DO .
Not sure if I believe in destiny or not
Just smile and tell him/her ya not interested .
550-894 , well do you think you deserve it ?
I mean how can anyone now you better then a friend .
When you are ready to have sex then do it .
Either that or all the guys you hang out with are , well this is yahoo , meanie weanie 's .
Tell him he can take his swingin ass elsewhere !
You Are not gon na have a problem with new culture , you are gon na like it . try and see
Start by simply asking the person .
I do not think you lost you are guts .
Make IT LAST A FEW DAYS , IF NECCESSARY .
Then , when you  are not looking . the right one will come along !
I am right here , but i am married sorry lol
Be confident and tell her you  will be the best boyfriend she  will ever have .
Chatting in internet is become comman things .
My husband has become the man I married ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I have told here that I want to hang out outside work but whatever I do we never do .
I mean show to him a good atittude ! !
If he was abusive , you should n't get jealous and you should just move on .
Its not a disease you could catch or anything .
Hey , Well you I know you 've probly already heard this but just be yourself !
I like plump women because they are not shaped like a guy and are all curvy and hippy .
Do n't make a big deal about it or you  will fuel her drive .
My e-mail adresses is pomonagrl909 @ yahoo.com e-mail me back
A nice punch to the face .
Come on you can do it !
If you stay at hame with it then they say there is something wrong .
I know how how it feels to be heart broken and i know that it is not easy .
She said of course there is .
Tell him to go to the local strip club
You do n't tell her to lose weight .
Wana hav friends and meet pipol with interesting thots and experiences to share .  email me . shainne24 @ yahoo.com
I do n't think that 's such a bad thing but my friends want me to get over him .
She just broke up with him like 2-3 days ago .
Apparently , he 's playing you , so do n't fall for that one !
If your married go find a counselor becasue living with a cheeter is very hard .
No kidding , she really is over there > > > > > >
I think she afraid to leave him .
It does n't have to be expensive just do things that she likes all week , but do n't tell her ! ! !
They do n't want to hurt your feelings
Um . ok , you seriously need to talk to this guy .
Hi , my name is _ .
Two positives gives you no television to watch gay guys bumping nasties .
If you do n't , you wo n't know what your missing .
Well , ask her out ; ya never know unti lyou try .
I suggest you could wait for it to go or place a make-up on it hahaha !
If she does n't want to sign them , then she needs to get her shit together !
Do Not feel bad i have been with mine for 3 years and he forgets every year
I think he likes you but afraid to start relationhsip .
I could n't do it becaus eI 'm shy .
I say to both of you . Congradulations !
Unless it 's someone disgustingly wealthy - like Bill Gates .
Finally give yourself time to heal .
She is not the first women to tell me that
My b/f and i just recently had a baby and i have 3 others .
So my point is that it 's kind of true what you said .
What kind of hints do guys give girls when they are cheating ?
The man is an idiot , because he wants his cake and eat it too .
I do n't blog or use myspace , but the people i know that do are all full of cr * p .
If you really love him then I would when alone stroke his penis .
Never heard of friendster . i have myspace n xanga
Just last week my boyfreind and some buddies left out of town for a project at work .
Lol that would be so pimp .
Oh yes it reallt works go for it
If he ca n't trust you to go out and see friends , then you should break up with him .
He said he broke up with her .
He might not only like you as a friend , but he might like you more ! !
Does not condone it , then love away .
360 ) and we  are together for one year .
One on each side , lol , we were really going at it .
You two would just be fine . do not worry about it buddy .
So do n't see the person shortcomings or faults .
Not wanting kids to not have a father .
The fact that you are asking Yahoo !
I say that because most people do n't get married then fall in love .
I do n't want things between me and her to get lost .
Because guys want what they ca n't have .
And he wants to look around .
They stop callin as much he stops callin you by you are nick name ?
But if hunk kind or extra smart kind probably a bit of over enthusiasm and ofcourse lies : D
If you enjoy munching on the carpet knock yourself out
I know how it is the little girl might do n't want you around her and her dad .
And he can do what he wants and its all good .
Talk to her ask her out pick her up un exspected
Well THAT IS A HARD ONE IDD KNOW WHAT YOU SHOULD DO .
Just go n tell him upfront .
Russian AND MOST FOREIGN WOMEN ARE GENERALLY GREAT COMPANIONS , ESPECIALLY IF THEY ARE RESCUED FROM A HARSH ENVIRONMENT .
I feel like Dear Abby so just listen to that and you will not be screwed .
My daughter i could not live with out her !
The funny thing is : my actual girlfriend found me on the web ( community websites like Yahoo !
Think about it , you see a woman crying and its no biggie .
Get a porno movie and do everything they do .
I Am interested , but i am not pretty . 
Give it to him so atleast heknows you like him
I realy like a guy but i don wana tell him coz he is goin out with someone else .
Well . not for me , and i do not know what to do .
But will she love you back is the question .
But if you try real hard you get what you need
Again if it has to do with a guy ?
She seems to think that i never let her say what she wants .
She looks at me with this evil grin and walks off !
No , i 've done it before in the past .
Maybe if you listen , and let her talk , things will get better .
Fall in love first . sex will be automatic
I was like you , i like her from de begining but thigs did n't happen at first .
He does n't freak with you no more ?
I love him ALOT and my boobish friends are SO STUPID and accually left me + him alone together ! !
You do not have to do anything that you do not want to do .
But keep it slow and simple .
Use words like imagine , what if , dream , and vision .
When its on a fella dat can pull it off its great !
It 's because you  are attacted to the wrong type of guys .
Most of the girls I know do n't blame the guy like that unless he cheated on her or something .
Because most men dump you after two days !
If not , best of luck to you in your education !
Many teens begin their sexual life at this age , youger is worser , older is worser : )
Go to yahoo messenger chat room . look for turkey n join it .
Yeah nobody knows who seth is .
He is not me that is why
Simply have courage , tell him again about you are love that you r thinking to make you are relationship deeper .
He will either show up later on or he will not .
Magic 8 Ball says , Ask again later
Well i suggest giving it a shot , come on over i  will help yah figure it out !
Get OFF YOUR BUM AND ASK THEM STRAIGHT OUT .
Is it they want a relation or just * * * .
What the sense of saying it everyday if in reality you did n't mean it ?
Dang do n't do that , evidence will be splattered all over the damn place !
Hope you find the one that makes you smile .
Sometimes it takes a bit of time to meet the right guy .
Must be all in my head , you think ?
Then flirt with every good looking guy you meet .
This way , I try not to hurt her
Do handsome men consider dating women their own age ?
That 's the funny thing about love !
Just a few things to think about
Gosh you are supposed to have children soon .
Then FILL THE TUB WITH SPAM AND JUMP IN . WHEN YOUR MATE GETS HOME . LOL
That would be your wife or your husband ( depends on your sex )
He  will be worrying wat happened to you ?
Next time . tell him to give ya a hicky somewhere that your mom wo n't see it ( wink wink )
Start by asking . do you want to spend the rest of your life with me ?
Have a party to cheer you up !
Yea her names olivia i am soo jealous
Give him a dollar , and ask him to get an airticket to france .
Do n't worry , a guy will like you .
That Is what do hey think , in other words they like action not words .
I  will be glad to help you in every metter the best i can
No but its much more for to make a lot of noises
I mean damn , i have got a life too ! ! !
Guys who have casual sex are also considered sluts by many girls .
Your life is not worth his horniness !
Our brain ; ) Focus on that .
Ya he 's in my left pocket hanging out with two nuts
If he says he loves you and he 's still sticking it out with you then he really loves you
I have never heard of that
If you find two , let me know !
Second date yeah a kiss is fine .
Well I guess . you are a Filipino working abroad , right ?
Yuk . i cannot imagine sombody liking that sort of thing .
I think you should be straightforward . tell him how you feel .
There are kind women out there that are just not interested .
Are you closer with one of them ?
No you are n't the only person that feels this way .
You sound like a really nice person maybe to nice .
YOU r doing a great mistake man . you are life and you are family think about that .
It 's not right but yeah leaglly
) Um , kiss him and tell him you love him ect.And always , BE YOURSELF !
And be sure to stop if she says stop !
I do n't think this would be bad at all .
I do not spend much time at all with them .
Has this ever happened to anyone else ?
Most guys do n't really care if you have a little bit but do n't get carried away .
We broke up again and are now just friends .
When it goes beyond your limits
And think me as frnd need to discuss anthing just put a mail at pleasent_kamal @ yahoo.com .
You like him and so what ?
Tell him you want to get mor serious
If he asks just tell him yes .
Your answer should be the same . NO ! ! ! !
YOU r right , but once she had a relationship with him then she will regret .
Well it depends what kind of stuff , you were not very specific about that .
I do n't think so , unless you eat twinkies while you are doing it .
That person always will always notice you
His REPLY WILL BE THAT HE YOU ARE NOT HIS MOTHER .
You know what to do agent21257
No breathing no moving no thinking no living anything i 'm missing ?
For me when i say love you .
If you are bf cares for you , he will go slow and make sure you are not in pain .
It takes longer to go up than it does to go down
But i guess you would just feel it .
If she had a boyfriend when you wer broke up . do n't do it . it will hapen again : ( .
How could some one fell in love .
You are gon na be in big trouble .
Stay friendly with both of them , if they break up then think about asking her out .
To me i want a fithfuly girl and good loking and alitel of smart
Lol good question i would go to work
Marriage . the only one that wins is . no one . how to win . be the bigger yeller
YOU should n't even ask this question in public !
It 's just normal to have crushes or idolize some people .
Say Yes dear to everything she says . : )
Do Not tell you are bestfriend because you will ruin you are life !
I Am 26 next month and i could not imagin beng married right now .
Girl 's do n't bee afraid of answering , and also rating my question from me to all of you girl 's .
Leave because hes using you and no one wants to be treated like that
Fool , go n watch a XX movie .
It 's not like you askd his permission when you wanted to marry some1 else .
Maybe you  are just too perfect for them .
I might chat with you , make some funny comment , but in my case , I 'm just having fun .
I met my wife on the internet .
Go 4 it and make him want you even more !
That means unfortunately he 's not really into you. you are just a time filler .
I need help ! I Am going to marry this man and I cannot do this forever
I 'm not entirley sure , I have the same problem too
To miss special one and think for all time its mean I am in love
2 ) IF THESE GUYS DO N'T KNOW EACH OTHER .
I am not a boy but i guess they do if you know what i mean ! ! ! ! !
Do Not let others hate on people because their not like you and me . get it !
The person will understand you n will leave you
Think of things she has mentioned .
This guy liked me since Freshman year .
Who is seth and do he go to rochester high
Just answered another Q of yours !
No apparent reason why . just go with the answer . NOPE !
Yes it will hurt a lil , mostly ull just feel pressure .
This is the most naive question I ever heard from anybody . ASK HER . shis .
The ones i saw on there were gorgeous though !
Why would you want to her orgasm quickly , take your time with her and she will enjoy it .
That Is the deal the stump gets .
You both dicsuus this with your spouses , and get married , better you advice you are spouses to get married
Mini carrots , super healthy and very clean
Ok , i really like this guy .
If my vital tool is only less than 15cm ?
May I ask what yours is ?
No because boys i no do not like girls goning there
A QUESTION WITH A QUESTION WHERE ELSE WOULD YOU TAKE A LADY ?
White gauzy material over a 4 poster bed and lots of pillows .
I ca n't give a straight yes or no .
She feels no else will want her
In the meantime , just be happy and have fun in high school !
It does n't sound like it is serious .
Hugs & Kisses , the same way i do . : )
Every women has a great part you just need to find it !
I try to be as truthful as i can .
I think it 's too young for you to make it .
Maybe she feels she needs ypur money .
Stockings with the seam in the back , sexy conservative is very hot
Never ever go in 2 a relationship if it seems 2 good 2 b true !
Not yet still waiting for the right guy
But I THINK ACTION SPEAKS BETTER THAN WORDS
By leaving him/er alone for sometime .
You need to ask that person . again if you cannot trust why would you marry ?
My friend goes from guy to guy weekly !
Get YOU ' r satisfaction that way Ok .
Clean shaven if you have a six pack , or if you just are not fat .
I think in in love with this guy , but i do not know for sure .
Yes you can is she does n't have a boy friend .
You run up the heat.You da man.Tell her dat she jus gon ' have to walk round naked .
It 's more than obviously shown . but they still wo n't say it !
I AM NOW IN A NEW RELATIONSHIP AND I AM AFRAID OF THE SAME THING AGAIN .
Wait until 24 , 19 is too soon .
This will cause disturbances between you & you are spouse .
It 's tough but you need to move on .
Give it up and let it go .
So long as you are a good person , who cares if you are gay or straight ?
Run if she cannot say no to the kids what does that say about her ?
You said you love her so completely .
A Big mac costs about US $ 2.00 here ?
Like myself , i am a closeted bi- male .
But do n't latch on to just anyone .
I 'm not making fun of the question .
Who is 30 , never married , of indian origion and looking for LIFE-PARTNER . ? ? ? ?
Right now sounds good to me
How would you feel if she went around flirting with other men ?
When its all you think about !
If her man come after you and you ca n't divert it at all cost .
Sorry but i do n't think it would work out between us would be good .
If you do give him your # .
Well , i 'm 30 and so of course i have an opinion on this .
Because most bad boys put up pretences and lie a lot and unfurtunately girls love such .
But your 2 young hes young .
But she would n't leave the house .
Do you really know what love is .
If a woman knows you are maried chances are she is not comfortable wit you flirting with her .
Yes , I was married to him , did n't like him . and still had sex with him .
Who think heavy-set latinas with brunette , long hair are sexy ?
Women sooo do n't work that way .
I think hes not because he married kim
All he wants me to do all the time is change to what he wants .
It can do if you want it to .
The ONLY THING THAT I CAN TELL YOU TO DO IS PUT IT BEHIND YOU AND FOCUS ON SCHOOL .
Do you know him at all ?
I pretty much had it with this guy .
He said that he wants to have group sex with his friend and his friend is a guy !
Spank him for being a badboy .
How would it like to be dead ?
Tell him straight out . honesty is best : )
And while they are on the ground .
And if you gain weight even after the first time ?
If your asking suck a stupid question .
Alot of things it might be .
It depends on if you are a guy or a girl .
Base on experience : LEO , LIBRA , Aquarius , Aries and GEMINI other thn tt : DO NOT
As they say on Oprah . she needs to drop that zero and get herself a hero .
I do not think we are hiding .
Even though you should not be asking that .
It will become you are last date
But i know what my favorite part is !
How can I tell if a guy is obsessed with me ?
You think of some one else besides your wife do n't you .
Even if its the molestors own child .
Should I go for the guy I like best or the one who likes me best ? ? ?
My bedroom , a hotel room seems a little horish like she 's not worth my time
Just act like you never informed anyone . lolz
You probably need to listen to her !
No way hoze ask me y at xxjudychepxx @ yahoo.com
Does he play with you like your a friend or is he flirting with you ?
If they do n't , do n't bother with them
You just need to use your imagination !
Take some time alone to see if you guys are really for each other
And he says he loves me too .
So do not keep you are tongue to urself . lol
If you like it then why not !
Or if ou are 2 nervous see if you guys could play some 1 on 1 sometime .
When I can let it all go is when its AWESOME .
But we have usually 1 times/day & in weekend we have 2 or 3 times/day
Pinch him real hard and pinch the day before your next birthday .
Tell your sis to do something for you. and get rid of you are friend .
Because it 's fun , and it 's rewarding too .
Just call me at my cell fone and let us have a spring wedding , ok ?
Be yourself and if they do n't like it than f * * k them !
You are both adults already . so I guess the question would be . WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
And you will most likely bleed a lil , but you will be fine , it gets better .
If you do not mind my asking . YOU just have not met d right 1 .
Just go out and have fun , get a free dinner , and if n e thing happens , good .
Have a talk and give them the first 5-10 minutes to talk .
Let her feel that you care for her feelings , for us is very important you have no idea !
Or maybe you just act like you are .
It is very good now you found you are best friend and you will be friends for ever
You should keep liking him because you never no he might ask you out
Generally the same thing as you
That Is WHAT IS MESSED UP ABOUT YOUR QUESTION .
You do n't know what kind of crazies are out there !
! good luck I hope it works out for ya
Wen the other have noting else to say to prove his point then you win .
You find ways to support you are argument
For THAT I ADVISE A SIMPLE ANSWER WHICH NO ONE LIKE . MAKE YOU ARE GF AS YOU ARE LIFE PARTNER
Sorry did n't mean to ask so many questions in my answer , just consider them retorical .
You have to wonder about how much he really cares .
Everything about them , I personally like and prefer the waist , stomach and the behind goodness . oh !
When you make the difference between infatuation and true love not just lust !
I got jealous , also when my ex boyfriend started going out with my friend .
There 's more to life than that kind of stuff .
You just have to do it .
Meaning that your television or your radio will not play without a negative and a positive .
Then come back a lot later .
Dude , stay the heck away from this girl man . wow .
I had a guy who would always make me horny and then i  would be ready , but he  would chicken out
A lot of guys love girls with curves .
But he is getting married this month .
Guyz with beard , guyz with mustashe , or guyz who shave their facial hair ?
First off , do n't try and be something your not , you 've got something to offer , remeber that .
Go to college but keep in touch breaks weekends the telephone internet hun get your education !
It did n't cost even $ 100 total .
Flip a coin see what is best to do .
Then if you feel a spark ASK HER OUT~JUST YOU TWO ! !
Because bad boys are frickin hot , sexyful , adventurous , and VERY VERY FUN and i love mine sooo much ! ! !
Why you spoil a women life .
And still looking tired of even thinking about dating .
Sounds to me like you are a comfortable pit stop !
Any girl with big tits is sexy
Unless YOU  ARE IN HIGH SCHOOL OR YOUNGER , THERE IS NO DIFFERENCE
Oh and i do not work so that is out for making him leave .
Or eyeball chat so we can see each other
Do n't wait until she 's dragged you through the mud !
However - - i find him looking at me every now and then .
In MY LAST RELATIONSHIP I WAS CHEATED ON .
Jerry JERRY JERRY BEAT HIS A $ $
N plz thnk about you are man - am sure you dnt wan na hurt him too .
And i just came to terms with that myself .
If you like him give it to him
So SWEAT THE SMALL STUFF AND BE THE BIGGER PERSON IN THE SITUATION .
Comes home when ever he wants .
You can download it from the website below : )
Kiss him it will tell everything
Love well you cannot have an anwser to love its there or its not
5~my di * k big 4~i am single 3~i am not gone tell nobody 2~i neva ate pu * * y 1~i love you .
I do - but my ex is a girl too , so what is there to do ?
It doesent matter if a person is gay or st8 that dosnt difine them .
If he is in a position of authority , it can be a great release for him !
Have fun , be safe , and keep looking !
I even thought of sending her photos to the magazine , MAXIM
They have really bad memory when it comes to dates .
Perhaps she thinks she wo n't find someone else .
You might want to try this : try just ignoring him for a day and talk nicely the next .
Check out the site history on the computer
Give him some * * * * * I 'm pretty sure he  will appriciate it .
That Is what woman do in there !
Yes , I love big round butts .
Get your boyfriend to go a little lower next time !
YOU have to take a risk * who dares ?
Take me to a consert like from 1 of my fav bands . somethin low key i hate high maintnace .
Depends on how he does it .
Guys , when they in the mood , kind of like take off your pants and let 's go ! .
When you are ready to move on lots of good people are out there ( okay , some weird ones , too ! ) .
A fire under my azz makes me really hot
Well girl if you have 5 guys all interested in you , you should be flattered , and proud .
You ca n't help them , they need to help themselves .
She is my sister 's best friend and she likes one of my friends .
Yeah i  will talk with ya email me uncontrollablelegend @ yahoo.com
But could think like a girl like that if nessary to help with gift chosing .
Risks are hard but , you have to try .
If you mean go out , NO .
And have a follow up talk with this same person later .
Life is how you make it let the boys drule on you
I mean , you love him sure , but that is a lot to commit to for the next 80 years .
My family & friends say if I think it , it comes out my mouth !
It does not hurt if the guy does not stick IT in hard
The chick is probably lying to you , cheating on you , and worst , probably do n't exist .
Eventually he will get caught start saving your own money now .
Well , find someone that you do n't see over the net .
( you were talking about that kind of balls right ? )
That 's how i got my girlfriend ( and we 've been together for 4 years now ) .
Do Not do anything or have any relationship becuse as we people say bros before hoes .
That was so geeky . but seriously be safe !
But worn a little at a time like a pink dress shirt with some jeans . yeah , that looks good !
But making her to love you is n't always possible . : )
Guys and girls think differently . but you already knew that .
Just play around with it - you  will figure it out .
You ca n't help who you love .
Has any one come up with creative idea 's for renewing your marrital relationship ?
I do n't see anything wrong with it .
Do Not waste your time with that one .
Think back to some of the things that got both of you going in the first place .
This is not a true question , is it ? ! ! !
You ' r not only lazy but also an idiot .
Or , i want to be more close to you than we r now .
I think I can help you ! !
You do n't want it to end like that .
If she says no , that is her desicion and do not push the safety zone .
It is not about her mom , it is between you two .
Hmmm . met him already but not sure , if we really are meant to be . lolz .
When you cannot stop thinking of him/her .
It could but most likely no , because your young and so is he .
Do Not run and tell him you love him .
Plz PLZ help a sistah out ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
See i like this guy but i think this girl is really cool
If this man is good in bed he will satisfy you in other ways .
Its called insist ummm no , you  are thinking of incest , and that is only if you  are related , not a friends cousin .
Forget him become my boyfriend and i promise i will never break up with you .
Try to move on it is hard but it would be harder if you do not move on .
No haters about this question now .
So you can read our answers but nothing else .
Sounds foolish , but works like a dream .
Well , it is in no way wrong .
Badboys are edgy , they are not boring ( not that many good guys are ) .
Like when they deck out in all pink . ok , that 's just gay .
First date - All the way .
Your eyes can say more than your words ever could .
You sound like an idiot , you should do nothing .
Your bf should be the on telling her .
Just walk up to her and tell her .
Do Not forget to video tape it if you do .
Instead of interupting her all of the time ? ? ? ?
I just believe that guys can have sex even with a cow ( literally )
I mean , on or off the thing , you ' r not hotter , dude .
There Is nothing wrong its just do not flirt talk share intrest date do not just excpect to get someone that fast
But in privacy of home or in a park-let 'er rip !
And you should not have to put up with it either .
Or looks but at times these are important too !
You should expect the best of yourself .
No every one is different you cannot help how you are that is just the way it is ! ! ! !
By meeting someone else - someone better hopefully .
I 'm trying to get some and my daughter is always awake .
YOU can not .but all i know is , all you can do is fall in love , then get married .
Well it depends on there health there love and how sweet they are !
Do what she tells you to do lol
And was planning on renting it out after she moves out to me .
French : JE T'AIME SPANISH : TE AMO OR YO QUIERO I THINK . I AM NOT SURE
Just wiat it will all come out all right
I mean those hot girls can get any guy but they just wan na be with girls .
Remember there is always more fish in the sea , easier said then done .
C'mon are you tellin your best friend like he is ?
We need more info in order to give you a good answer ! !
Take things slow and have fun .
Just save your life and the other 2 women please .
But , do not hear about it till the weekend .
Wait TIL YOU GET MARRIED YOU HUSBAND WILL APPRECIATE THAT AND SO WOULD YOUR BODY !
Oh yeah . the answer to what temp is NORMAL . 70 - 72 . that is from a jersey tempered gentleman .
Hello shainne . i am here in cebu . yes , ,we can be friends . shengz10 @ yahoo.com
Make it fun and be creative .
Plus she see ; s how vurnerable , and unhappy he is .
If it 's not OK with her , it 's really no OK , is it ?
Then you can address her letter once you 've read it .
I realy don ` t care . if i wan na wear it i just wear it , no matter what color will be .
Eyebrows are very noticable , especially if they look like Ernies ( from Sesame Street ) !
Sweety you nt stay wit da guy whoom you have been wit ! ! !
Run away , it could be dangerous ! ! ! ! ! !
Go for the one is going to make you happy .
They always say they are sorry - but they do n't stop .
Marry him just playin just hold on to him
If you find one . let me know if she has a sister .
I think you should be up on your toes and keep a good watch on this guy .
Telling someone you love them will never sound desperate if you really mean it .
It 's been like this for almost 1 year .
I hate girl 's that lie , and if your one of them i am deleting it off !
It 's just a serious thing so .
Maybe a leather outfit and a soft whip ?
One thing , do n't have a friend do it .
Girl please do not be dumb and do not listen to the first couple hoes above .
But righ now he is confused .
Basically , I 'm afraid to move on .
People break up for a lot of different reasone .
No that is just sooooooo wrong . sorry
I heard the girl on cheaper by the doson say that the guy had one of thier 12 kids
N i am only in 8th grade .
So ronely . so ronely and brue .
I HAVE COMPLETELY FALLING FOR THIS GUY I WOULD DO ANYTHING TO HELP HIM REACH HIS HIGHEST POTENTIAL .
We HAVE BEEN TALKING FOR ABOUT 2 MO.AND WE BOTH I CARE FOR HER.SHOULD I BRING HER OVER ?
Coz its also like saying going beyond the extra mile .
Agree with the woman in the pink
Not only her , but you and your children will too .
I just go ahead and ask him out
Do you have a cell phone ?
You JUST HAVE TO TELL THEM THAT YOU LIKE THEM ANDSOME WILL DUMP YOU AND SOME WILL NOT .
I like her but i do not no if she likes me .
And when you call him you only talk 4 a few minutes ?
You can look but you ca n't touch ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
There are so many guys out there .
That Is why someone came with self pleasure lol
Ask him out , kiss his cheek , instead of a hand shake give him a hug , ect .
And i do n't just mean dirty things ! !
You got ta tell him to back off .
For one thing she is popular , pretty , and taller than me .
She has to be a Christian .
Bt if you r satisfied thn all i wuld say is greed is really bad
I pick it up and just stare at it .
Do n't say , Its not you , its me .
Dude , what you said made absolutely no sense .
If there is grass on the field , it is time to play ball
But I say do whatever you think looks best .
Do Not act like you want but try to get him to like you
Or , that we do not wan na lose him so we say it .
Get every guy something that they will like .
Hmm . cold hard cash is nice , but if they ai n't got the looks , they might as well keep moving on .
Does she sleep with you guys ? ?
Leave because he obviously is not taking the relationship seriously so why should you
She dumped him a week ago .
I want an HONEST answer from those guys who know what i am talking about .
Do Not tell him , well i would not , and if he likes you then he should tell you ! ! !
How could i fell in love .
Do n't you have family , girlfriends , any hobbies like working out or movies or volunteering or anything ! ?
Me and my bf have been going out for 3 months and i know he really likes me .
Only if the man is not wearing granny-pants , to saggy in the back
Go for it age is just a number
Try asking her to go n c a movie together .
Even the greater people we love the die and we go on .
1 ) get rid of everything reminding urself of her .
I used to go shopping alot at the grocery store .
Well there is no real way to do this .
Maybe he 's not really bi - he just prefers guys to you : )
Both of you have to decide .
Once caught they never ever should be back on the streets again .
But there is just too much drama .
Now seems like he only pays good attention to me in bed - That would be your problem .
Well i am a girl with very long hair .
Sure it is nice to wake up to a massage , but come on !
Personally i do not believe in being gay , lezbein or bisexual .
Like I have a problem . or I 'm upset that . & do n't interupt until the other person is finished . It works . try it
Tell them , it 's a dating service , there 's lots more people in the service other than you .
Than an average looking guy who looks clean and tidy and dressed well ?
What if she 's the worst ever in bed when the time finally comes ? !
- What did he learn from his divorce ?
I would do IT with IT .
Ask him if you can both get promise rings .
Be a STRONG black man and suck it up .
Do n't rush , get to know each guy better and then choose the one you think is best for you .
Try to sleep with the waiter .
It 's just as hard to find the right boy !
My ex cheated on me , but ill always like him still .
Never TELL YOUR SISTER OR ANYONE ELSE !
Candy and a nice hand made card ; )
Go on a diet & exercise .
If its at work its ok .
We have been married for 5 years and have 2 great kids .
You  are probably starting to see the other side of him and i 'm not talking about physical stuff here .
But if you really want to get rid of him , just talk to him and say so .
! i do not have anything against fruity people but you seem to be fruity urself !
You must think on why you broke up .
Mr romance ( and he needs to be nice , sweet , and hot )
You are going to risk your derier when you sent to prison ! !
I do not know about every woman but some can because its not about sex .
No she is probably already seeing someone else
Accusing someone of cheating is a big deal !
There are lot of people feel ok even to exchange partners
Not today or ever - - if she was intersted she would of said not today , but maybe tomorrow .
Ps : People matters are not easy because everyone is different in every way .
I just found out today that he is quitting this job .
YOU need some help . has anyone referred you to a psyciatrist ? ? ?
Be honest and ask before somebody else takes her away .
When or have you ever had tears come down only one side of your eye ?
Then give her ONE rose ( one is better that 3 dozen ) and chocolate
Hes PROBABLY RELE SWEET To yOU AAND POSSIBLY LIKES YOU .
Well the best thing ta do is start with something kind of neutral .
I guse it 's in the way they act around you .
Do Not have sex before marriage , then you will not be disappointed
The issue here : maybe first change the question .
But this girl is vulnerable right now , do not break up with her !
If SOMEONE FORGOT A IMPORTANT [ DATE ] I WOULD THINK I 'M NOT REALLY INPRTANT OR THERE JUST USING ME .
Big guy of 35 in north of china , like travel , books , tv and happy hours .
But til then go buy a vib .
I broke up w/an ex and he was still in love with me .
Do what he sais h wants you to do .
Honestly . they want the same as us .
Lolol . Honey you must be dreaming !
Just look at the number of couples living-in .
Maybe its the drive for a food supply for your children .
Just BE YOURSELF : DO N'T BE FAKE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
About the nice guys finish last thing . let tell you something .
Pregnancy/abortion/adoption/keeping the baby - whatever she chooses , it 's all serious and difficult and painful and expensive .
It depends on what you spent in on .
Women do n't go after spineless little weasels .
I see him in my spirit all the time I even once dreamed about him .
See my boyfriend moved back to his home town in N.Y. and i live in TX .
There 's a word that i 'm sure you 've heard before . it 's pedophile .
I Am hot too or do they just like blonds ? ? !
If she rejects you what is the worst thing that could happen other than you would n't be dating her ?
Find someone who cares about you
You mean IS jaime going to ask rubi out ?
Act like it does n't bother you .
I  would imagine if he married you , he loves you .
No actaly it is better and longer for the both of you
She wants to wait until they are married , which is n't for another 2 or so years !
You CAN BE FORGIVEN , BUT REMEMBER YOUR BOYFRIEND WO N'T FORGET .
* EDIT * Hey , not all women out there want power !
Otherwise , I do n't think this is gon na work .
Pre-mariital sex could be a bad thing if you do not do it the right way and with protection .
If not date someone else just so every one can c you mean wat you say .
You wake up one morning and go , who the heck are you ? ? ?
Oh , did I mention we need it soon !
To send me money , even when I tell her I have enough .
I have it sucks like A biootch
If you wait she may move on and find some one else .
Cindy is rite I could not have said it better if I wnted to
Cook it better next time . lots of luck
To late you both did so many girls you have to pick just one silly man
I just do not get it and its really pissing me off latley !
If not , what should i do ?
You know what you are looking for in a person , you just have not found them yet .
You may love her , but . why not get involved with someone with less bagage ?
Why cannot i leave this ass of man i am with ?
I  will be back in a few mins though
No , you have to get back to dating sooner or later
I like this one girl we were just friends .
Give IT A HALF AN HOUR AND GET BUSY .
But i ask myself why does it get me aroused ?
I have seen girls kissing girls ( and using tongue ) in a coffee house near me .
I BELIEVE YOU ARE A LITTLE CONFUSED ABOUT YOUR FEELINGS FOR HER .
Did you break up with her because you did something wrong ?
Well you should not care if you are the one who broke his virginity .
I told my wife about her and she told me to do what I had to do .
Be you are self and you should n't have anything to worry about .
Whatever it is . take me for granted , you  will end up hurting 3 hearts .
I have the same problem with my momma getting in my business too , i just ignore her opinions ! ! !
It depends if you left her or she left you .
We mabey talking to our ex 1-3 times a month sometimes not at all
You guys are still young to think about sexual problems anyway .
He DID NOT MEEN HE HATED YOUUU .
I have no answer . people enlighten me why are breasts so amazing ?
Looking FOR THE SAME THING THAT LED YOU TO THE FIRST RELATIONSHIP IN THE FIRST PLACE .
Right now , I love being gay .
Thank you for askin . I love you ! !
No i do not think she is a lesbian i think she is just strange ! !
And i no how lesbo 's can be i no one .
I hate it , why should I do it to men ?
Mix them and you could have a perfect relationship
But only if if you really love that person .
Best thing to do is to ask .
But you guys just need to first off talk .
Swallow your pride and do it ! ! ! ! ! !
If she 's your friend and she likes girls so what ?
Yes , OK , Yeah that 's all I got ooopps ! ! !
Suck it up and deal with it .
Next time , do n't be so impulsive !
It want let me log on in my name i used all the time it want connect
Wish know any kind lady for friendship and happy , just get me in yahoo .
If so I  would be angry at him and ask him what 's going on .
Sometimes being friends with someone is way more than you could ever ask !
But please . go talk to your friend . and soon !
Even THOUGH HE 'S CALLING YOU BAD NAMES ( RIGHTFULLY SO ) HE 'S STILL COMMUNICATING W/ YOU AND THAT 'S GOOD .
I CLOSE MOST OF MINE WITH A HUG UNTILL THE RELATIONSHIP BUILDS UP STRONGER .
Asking her friends is a no , no .
I do not know what to do .
Anyways i wan na have fun not b stuck w/1 person when i do n't like them alot .
Because that is what it would be .
Do n't * nag * and * whine * to him .
What is it like to be straight ?
If SHE HAS BEEN HURT BY SOMEONE RECENTLY THEN YOU CAN ONLY BE HER FRIEND .
So far sounds like its going pretty well - do not rush it !
I fake once in a while , guys try so hard , and I like to reward them .
Remember that both presents do n't have to be extravagant .
I LIKE HIM AND EVERYTHING BUT I THINK WE HAVE LOST INTEREST IN EACHOTHER ! !
I could go on and on .
Do n't listen to jdh783 , I 'm way cooler !
My mom 's best friend wants to throw me a bridal shower .
Think about that the next time you tell just a little fib .
Yeterday and it was the best sex ever
No becuz you are a LONGHORN fan and she is a USC fan !
I know you said only for women but I hate discrimination .
Tell your friend to rock on .
And impostant GET HIS PHONE NUMBER ! ! ! !
Ummm . try to ask how she feels about you .
I had a nice hot bath drawn and gave him a bath then a massage .
15 we was together for 2 years .
Tell your friend to rock on .
And impostant GET HIS PHONE NUMBER ! ! ! !
Ummm . try to ask how she feels about you .
I had a nice hot bath drawn and gave him a bath then a massage .
15 we was together for 2 years .
If so then why would he want you to ask a question like this .
Yes give him a chance and give urself one love do not come to us everyday
( but that still does n't make her hitting ok )
He went back to her without telling me and then she finally told me .
Do Not thnk about it just do it
Just say Look , you are a nice guy but the chemistry is n't right .
I say do not do it , it 's just a waste of time .
Na , she  will treat you like trash
Your never to young for love , wen i was 11 i had a 16 year old girlfriend : - ) .
She Is probably sweet and classy , so just give her a chance .
If you would n't ask him , then it 's inappropriate to ask her .
No fn way its the only truly right thing in this world
If his last name is right guy ; ) .
It just dipends on the girl .
Unless you too are a freak . RUN !
If you like him it do not matter wat you are friends think !
Yes it takes time and other friends
$ 2500.00 was the cost of mine !
I might have made a mistake in my marriage , kickin ' it with two girls who were n't my wife .
Try to have sex with the girl .
Of course its the getting started that is the hard part .
Dude if yor shy like i am you might have a hard time doing this .
Then the persons race ; religion etc . should never be an issue
( Most call it playing the field )
Hav some dignity man . world is full of girls ? proposing again will leave a tag for you tht is 'desperado '
She will make up her own mind weather she will consider or not
Start looking at men in public .
So , brief answer is : You don ` t make girlfriend there , just acquaintances : ) Otherwise its purely platonic relations until marriage .
If you like him then yeah try it out ! ! !
Ah , something I forgot - sometimes you have to be a little frank .
It SEEMS THAT YOU REALLY LIKE THIS GUY . SO PLEEEEAASSE DONT LISTEN TO YOUR STUPID FRIENDS !
I know it sounds like a formula but girls are hard to figure out and this always works .
I do n't know which is worse ?
That he does not want nothing with you .
And he still thinks only HE has
What if verdale is totally wrong ?
And then would you really be happy ?
3 days per week so it may be 12 per month .
Because I rather spend a great time with a funny guy , no matter where we go !
Wedding gifts are more for the the couple , so that would be more like household items , etc .
Oh and I 'm 19 by the way .
If he ignores you like that , he 's not worth it .
I love him but . I do n't know !
I 'm 25 and I still have n't had a girlfriend . is that weird ?
Love is love . justas long as it does n't involve me i m totally ok with it !
So I say it turned out ok .
It is best to stay true to your wife
A good BJ is always welcome
An abortion is a pretty traumatic thing , and she obviously thought that was her only option .
It is for his/her own good .
For eg , confess to him that you like a schoolmate .
YOU can do both at the same time , or at different times .
I was wrong in breaking off .
How do you deal with that ?
I 'm really mad at my best friend .
You should get the ring back .
Because he is scared of commitment
From past experiences , my ex- boyfriend is still not over it , and it maks the matter worse .
If I am just dating the person it seems to be ok . if you find out let me know . Good Luck
Maybe he 's freaked out that someone likes him .
Even though I still critize them ( lovingly ) about his age .
Do n't believe no one , no one is perfect in this world
Or tell her fake things that she wants to hear .
Nix that zero and get you a hero !
I have to agree with one answer , you ca n't tell if she 's good at faking .
No i am not heartless i just have n't found the guy that i want 2 b with 4 a while .
It never works if i try to be cool .
Hot guy who treats me good is best .
Funny its better to have a good timee ! ! !
She could only tell you yes or no .
Dumb question i have ever seen . !
Hot fast prolonged extra heavy duty stuff happening .
Just wait for him to pop the question .
Just LOOK AROUND THEY ALL LOOK LIKE DUDES
No . well at least mine have not .
I do not think so at all if your intent is honorable then its all good
You just know that she is not interested the same way .
But you other half is with you always .
Kiss = I want to see you again .
These are all the sign 's I got from that scary guy . again run like the wind .
If you do not do it , someone will .
First date-hug if you really know him-kiss
Just do n't make it your priority , and you  will be OK .
Go to the dictionary and look up moil .
Tell her never to take such risks like that .
If you do not do it , someone will .
First date-hug if you really know him-kiss
Just do n't make it your priority , and you  will be OK .
Go to the dictionary and look up moil .
Tell her never to take such risks like that .
This is how i feel about my ex
And she emailed me back trying to twist it around like it 's my fault !
Why is it the first thing i go for during sex ? ?
Just normal steps and work your way back up slowly .
& talk to more people even if they  are not goth .
How to get him to aprove of me ?
How to tell if a girl likes you ?
That not only is a lack of respect it is a lack of Brains ! ! !
I got ta go there ta buy some shoes .
Are we talking like a tan here ?
At least there 's sex ( while it lasts ! )
Just ignore her , do n't even trip .
I think it would be hot .
We have n't talk to other for a while and its really sucks .
What kind of music do you listen to when you want to get in the mood
Well I would not blame him , guys tend to be like that .
This IS GOING TO BE HARD .
Email me it 's just my usename at yahoo.com ok. Do n't yell at me .
A lot of women think that their men are cheating on them even they are not .
As long as you do n't get pregnant
Just ask agian and if she syas it agian then ask why until you get an answer .
You just know you have a feeling in your heart that says that is him that him alright !
Change the way you think about things that 's probably why she dumped you .
I will say hi to you to ha ha but i would say wow that is interesting
Do not try to push her .
If that does n't get the ball rolling , you might need to move on .
Listen to her and be sincere when you tell her something .
Sometimes she gets mad , and complains but it 's ok .
Maybe you should go to a doctor .
Not stepping up and being a man .
When you do not need to ask that question .
I have been travelling the world and you should see what I have seen in some cultures !
Clue : Try not getting them in the 1st place : o )
Do n't let anyone put them down .
Chocolates and flowers , plus a tender lovin Kiss !
He just wants you to be happy if he really loves you .
No . but my friends did . she was like soooo sad ! !
To some it 's fine , others its wrong .
Personanilty , becuase that 's what lasts , looks do n't always last .
See if there 's any wrong actions that you might do , but you actually do n't realize .
Every guy is like either your my girlfriend or not a friend at all It realy sucks .
Do n't dress too messy or else people will think you  are weird .
Life is full of suprises though .
It 's awesome that you care about her and want to help .
Like moi , I went out with someone for 3 yrs and I 'm his friend now .
If some breaks your heart will you ever stop loving them
I cared about him very much but I just knew he was n't the one I wanted to be with .
It 's like she do n't care for my friendship anymore . why 's that ?
Yes , and When you least expect it .
Be your self that is wat i do .
= ) hope your friends are good friends .
Or should i ask her to marry me before college and then get married during or after college ?
Even if most guys do n't like cigars too much it 's fun to get a gift like that .
If he is very curtious and sexy
Let BOTH KNOW THAT YOU WILL DARE OTHERS AND DATE BOTH AND SEE HOW IT GOES
Sex before marrage is not a good thing to do .
What matter most is what 's inside and most of all he is good looking right ?
Using your legs is better than your back .
She 's not a sykic after all .
If you think you love her you should ask her out . duh .
But it could be different for you .
I 'm obsessed with latinas - they  are hot !
Please clarify . do you mean cheat their wives ?
Can i contact him without looking like a complete fool .
No one is perfect in this world
And then they do n't have a choice
Nothing would happen , everyday if important for love
First do the job and than ask your best friend : what do i do now .
Have a great time and congrats for being picked ! !
My shortest 1 day which was my 1st .
My mom , mentor , caretaker , surpermama , 1 of my bfs , oh and BOSS !
Its f * * * ing AGAINST NATURE , ADAM AND STEVE STORY
Yes , very much it is very heart warming & it gives me great pleasure/
That would look really funny , too !
It 's all a trust issue , i 'm not entirely sure I trust him , but he probably did .
Is the woman I 'm marrying a psycho ?
See what they can get , they only want one thing
Yeah tonight i am going out with some friends .
If not , leave her , and do n't be afraid to !
'hey , ya wan na hang out at the mall this weekend .
It is good to believe him for a happy life
You BE THE BEST YOU CAN BE AND LOVE UNCONDITIONALLY .
And some of us are very comfortable with it .
Buy two and go with him it 's HUGE FUN !
I did n't know that they all did but I sure do .
People oftentimes say that they are but then in a few years from now they end up apart .
Easy to say and it 's polite .
But i will still let him know how much i care about him or her .
You HAVE THE RIGHT TO SAY NO .
Yeah , why not , if they like the guy
Depends on how well you know him and like him .
Did she stick an alkaseltzer tab up there ?
And i left room for errors .
Probably cheaper because everybodyelse is having a barbeque
My brain 's fried . and I 'm a bit loopy .
And when you are ready you will tell her everything .
Is everything ok between the two of you ?
Between your breast is sure to please your man !
It 's not hard to find the right girl at all !
If not then do n't worry about it he does n't have a crush .
If he actually waits for you than you know that he truly loves you .
I do n't really think that age should matter .
You i think are his wif .
Guys do it too but i think not as much as females .
And my teacher told me not to listen to strangers .
Not unless she is nice enough to give it back .
Depends if YOU get 2 see her Daily .
If hes lieing or being honest you will know .
Go up to her and say : I like you .
Go on with youir life , what 's kg ?
Well i am 6 ' 2 ' tall he 's not !
- this prevents getting hurt allot .
Due to you are new info then id say No do n't go out with him , It will only end bad !
In a store wid condoms in one hand and viagra in the other
He did n't have a reason but just said , I think we should just be friends .
You should n't is this leana valeros ?
Maybe she has some personal problems ,
So the way I look at it you might as well be happy
Because i want it bad that is all i fantasize about
If it takes away from her , then its cheating .
But i never agree , i knew we were only friends .
Maybe she has some personal problems ,
So the way I look at it you might as well be happy
Because i want it bad that is all i fantasize about
If it takes away from her , then its cheating .
But i never agree , i knew we were only friends .
This is n't something anyone on Yahoo !
You will have reverse experiance with me
Lol , I got one in 1st grade , but that does n't really count .
You should get rid of them .
Some might even think its sexy !
Give you are love as much as you can .
With THESE IN MIND , i c no reason y premarital sex should not be allowed . : )
You have many boyfriends ahead of .
Uhhh . Maybe if you been chating a lot then meet with her one day to see how she looks . DUH ! !
I  will give you one advice keep fihgting for him girl and earn some trust
And what would have done if you had gotten pregnant ?
Guys seem to like what they ca n't have .
I do not know ask your boyfriend .
Or show up in only a raincoat & nothing else ( not even shoes ) ?
Move on to the next girl .
I hardly everrr see him in school either usually i see hima t my brothers basketball games
Some guys will say yes just for the heck of it .
Tell her something funny that happened at school .
As long as i keep my mouth shut and have no opinion things are good-for him .
Turn off the T.V. , sit yourselves down , and start talking !
So they can givethemselves more points .
And ladiez if you have any idea why you have the power ? ?
But he still did n't tell me .
Hmmm - I would call her back .
I want a boy that have respect for me and likes to party with a girl
No I do not think they are .
You are a male cyber whore - i should man bitch slap you
But once I 'm interested they disappear
I do n't want my name showing on the yahoo messenger list how do I show my screen name instead
Do you think it is right .
Maybe you married a child . not a grown man .
I listen to the cds I love find a song that relates to your life and meorize the words ! !
No if you really love them you would n't let them go
If you have to bait him into it then it is not really him wanting to .
Or maybe he 's looking at gay porn and does n't want you to know .
I recently got broken up with over the phone on the guys break from work .
Yeah get a small flake of metal in there .
If she gets embarrassed , it 's ok .
I want to be with someone who wants to be with me just the way i am .
You cannot trust someone you are chatting with
Give up trying to date her - plenty of fish in the sea : - )
Jut get it figured out so you do n't get hurt in the end
Eventually they  will get over themselves and realize what their missing .
Stop being gothic what 's the deal any way looking like the dead .
You ca n't if she 's a good actress .
Can anyone help me out to define love
Go with the one that nicest , and the one you like the best .
Well if you love her apparently you do not hate her or vice versa .
Do n't have you  are hopes up to much .
Smell like a goat in heat ?
Yes i can totally tell by the way you typed .
Depends on what your conscience thinks .
If you are over 18-20 give it a try but do not rush to anything .
I Have offerd wonderd this and after what bradd said . Jessica Alba
They are the one missing out .
Guys will always be around but youthfulness wo n't .
If you do n't there could be a BIG mess .
You do n't come home one day and say oh i learned how to love .
How DOW YOU SET UP A PERFECT 1 NIGHT STAND ?
Do NOT take her to a movie or dinner .
I 'm not saying that is right . I 'm just saying that that what IS , sometimes .
By the way its ok for a girl to ask the guy out actually its becoming more common .
Its like they always want all or nothing .
Do n't do that to yourself , him , or her .
Definately get roses , lots of them .
It did n't go any farther than a 5 second kiss .
That sould be fine , but how old are you ?
It MAKES US ENJOY SEX MORE
That drives me up a frikkin wall !
Definately get roses , lots of them .
It did n't go any farther than a 5 second kiss .
It MAKES US ENJOY SEX MORE
That drives me up a frikkin wall !
You : -thinking if she 's asking you to eat a bowl of jell-o- Yessums !
Up until now , I still have feelings for him , and i have n't gone out with anyone since .
Stop looking so hard she is probably right in front of you .
Ask the girl to pay for dinner
Brunnetes , the girl i like has brown hair !
You ARE JEALOUS OF A PICTURE ?
When they got all upset about that , he responded hey , just kidding , i 'm only gay !
I Am pretty close to being 23 .
They want someone who listens , cares , and caresses .
Just be there for her and be her friend .
If you do n't like himm say oh well good for you i do n't care !
Were a little cocky here are n't we ? ?
Do n't EVER ask your mate to do something you would n't do first.Ever .
Try going out on dates again !
Ok do some other execise and do good execises .
Skinny , a nice stomach is a major turn on
Because almost all the girls have a boyfriend so that means there are no more boyfriends
Cool to be in an open minded relationship . i am too .
If you looking for someone you should not call them a chick
Or HOW DOW YOU SET UP A PERFECT 1 NIGHT STAND ? .
They bigger the breasts the more fertile the woman is .
Some women learn this , others do not .
Is a pretty messed up concept .
Just because you are gothic though does not mean you shuold hang out with only gothic kids .
I am already doing IT with the one I love .
Maybe its a possibility , especially when you smile Iy could be love !
If you like him go out with him , but if not do n't .
Are you mad cuz he spends money on these sites ?
( Someone I know propsed in the bathroom . just wondering if anyone else had other crazy ideas . )
I hope yours is a keeper !
Guys never mind girls showing interest .
I do n't really care about looks , but I do like nice people .
I hope this helps in some manner , take care .
But a lot of times i prefer sucking than f * * * ing
But do not start it off like that .
Just few seconds when i was born . my mom was first to kiss me .
Did n't care about being promoted , etc .
Hey , I advise you to pray .
In detail , is it necesary to fall in love.cannot you escape it .
I mean WHOEVER SAID THAT SEX WAS ONLY FOR MARRIED PEOPLE ? ?
Well you have been married long enough to ask him what is bugging him .
It 's my bad habit , i ca n't help it , they taste good !
He said yea . BUT what if she 's the best ?
YOU WILL RIDE TO THE END WITH THAT PERSON AN WOULD N'T HAVE TO THINK TWICE .
He is my brothers friend so i cannot get away from him HELP !
Winter if your on a budget .
Can you say polygamy one man two wives . read learn try it
Umm . chocolate but do not give her alot it might be an insult to her . ummm . flowers would be the best choice !
But I think the reason it is so different is because men do not get all loose and sloppy .
A lot of couples have sex without talking about marriage at all .
Lol , this is a tough question .
The only thing is hes 62
I know why you  are so obsessed with us mijo !
It is just showing that you would like ot be friends .
Ok , i met my boyfreind over the internet hes in tennessee and i am in atlanta .
Guys want what they ca n't have .
Many of my friends have this problem .
Nothing to hold on to . to control .
Ca n't go wrong with attention and presents !
Hmmm , i only have one partner .
If HE KNEW THESE GUYS , HE IS SO HUMILIATED .
They are testing you to see how much they are going to get away with .
Well . ask him : i need to relax with some friends for once .
Holy crap , you should feel guilty .
- Has he forgiven his ex-wife ?
Not to many men ask there wifes this i know .
Relationships have to be 2 way .
Can you see yourself spending the rest of your life with them ?
Slowly . first you get a paying job .
She may be liking you too !
Well they are a bit different .
Going from guy to guy until he finally pops your cherry ! !
Me and my partner spend most of our free time in bed !
True LOVE IS WHEN ITS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE FOR YOU TO BE WITHOUT THAT SPECIAL SOMEONE .
Or made a big mistake in your life ?
He used your diamond , what a loser !
Because you could just seduce him with some skin .
Give him a night out with the boys first .
Why worry about what other people think ?
This ai n't Burger King , you  are not always going to have things your way .
Because they feel you have takin their child from them .
Well then they never have time for you .
My husband was 18 and i was 22 when we got married .
If he is not sorry and did not tell you then no
Not today and most likely .
You just got dumped dude , it 's over .
Has she ever flirted Wit you ? ?
Valentine 's Day . the day of love .
Show people you have your own style .
I say good for you if you want to wait .
Is it Match.com , eharmany , lavalife . who ?
Is it bcoz your dad is looking and right now he seems to be loosing the battle ?
Just ask her out and give her something nice .
But , what if one person is that way and the other is not ?
Because you  are gon na give me 10 wonderful points ; )
Trust me girl , if he loves , he never freeks out on you . !
It cud b jus 1 . you are mom . she will not cheat lie or break you are heart whatever you do .
They want a guy who will not treat them lke crap and respects them
Are you comfortable in your own skin ? ?
I asked her to coffee and she said yes .
Trust me girl , if he loves , he never freeks out on you . !
It cud b jus 1 . you are mom . she will not cheat lie or break you are heart whatever you do .
They want a guy who will not treat them lke crap and respects them
Are you comfortable in your own skin ? ?
I asked her to coffee and she said yes .
There you go - problem solved .
She cheated on you in that way .
If you do not like it as much as you do with chris .
It SOUND LIKE YOU NEED TO HAVE A LONG HEART TO HEART WITH HER .
Do n't let them get to you , because they  are just putting you down .
Girls too like and enjoy taking about sex .
Heck that can get back to normal almost immediately if you want .
I Am assuming hes your age right ?
This IS YOUR DAY , TAKE YOUR TIME AND SEE WHAT COLORS AND DIFFERENT STYLED DRESSES COMPLIMENT EACHOTHER AND YOU !
You should be able to answer that quetion you are self
Girls too like and enjoy taking about sex .
Heck that can get back to normal almost immediately if you want .
I Am assuming hes your age right ?
This IS YOUR DAY , TAKE YOUR TIME AND SEE WHAT COLORS AND DIFFERENT STYLED DRESSES COMPLIMENT EACHOTHER AND YOU !
You should be able to answer that quetion you are self
I have a gf but if you want to talk lilcountskid
Well if it is the bed then use wd40 on they hinges where the pole meet .
True LOVE IS WHEN YOU WILL DO WHATEVER FOR THAT PERSON NO MATTER WHAT .
It is kind of important when you doit with someone you love .
After that , if she pays you no attention she probably just is not interested .
Why do girls talk about boys ?
Get to know him first in person .
Get off the internet and find a girl !
There are lots of goodlooking jocks out there scoping for a beautiful lady !
Flowers , candy , romanic dinner , jewerly if you got deep pockets !
If sex is bad then it sure feels good to be bad .
When butterfly flies in your stomach .
Buy new clothes and start going back to the gim .
If she does n't have those , then no .
Do you : a ) break up with her b ) stay together and forget the whole thing ?
Yeah , i hope you did not do it ! !
Just do n't have sex just to be having it .
YOU have to be careful toooooooooo .
If you ask him with believing heart .
If he loves you than why in the world would he want you to marry someone else ?
I get worried when i thinks if she says me 'NO ' .
So , imagine my surprise when I got home and found his wife down on my roommate !
You  are mind is not clear right now !
Wow , I could use the $ 1 mil . but lose a marriage ?
I was not her pick to marry her son .
Looks can fade ; personality usually does n't
If NOT THEN WE CAN MOVE ON TO THEIR PERSONALITY .
You do n't want it to be that way .
She was going out with a really awesome guy .
And from her friend it was a mistake !
Do some nice things for her .
Figure out if mark is the one then if he is . go for it !
You do n't want it to be that way .
She was going out with a really awesome guy .
And from her friend it was a mistake !
Do some nice things for her .
Figure out if mark is the one then if he is . go for it !
Ya i think you are in love . be happy
Time HEAL ALL WOUNDS , SO GIVE HER TIME .
Tell him you will have sex with him . guys love that .
Being daddy 's little girl he has given me the freedom to be myself .
Listen you do what you want .
If you love her than you should n't have a problem making her feel special .
This is such a stupid question .
If you like someone pass her a note sometime or get a hold of her e-mail and phone # .
( it 's not that i think it 's gross , it 's just nobody likes me )
Date someone because you want to be with them , not because you are lonely .
He needs to do it on his own .
I fall in love every day !
But AN OLDER WOMAN WOULD BE MY CHOICE , I 'M 22 YEARS OLD .
To BE HONEST WITH YA SOME FEMALE CONTRACEPTIVES CAN MAKE THIS HAPPEN . GOOD ?
If you loved him like you were supose to you would not have to asked this question .
Bu tif you like him I do n't know what to tell you to tell him
Sex on the first date . hmmm . yea it 's a turned off .
No - she keeps the ring .
I  will expect that he  would make up for it ( hint , hint )
I have been told it just adds enjoyment to the night out . yea alright .
I totally agree with heavytrafficman , it is so true what he said i could not answer it better myself .
I wanted for them to like me so much , but it just was not so .
Second - what is in premarital sex ?
I want her to love me like I love her .
And the other thing is understanding .
How hard is it to find the right guy ?
I used to think he was an idiot , but now i am interested .
Do n't come here to whine , you know that all women are users , just get used to it .
My longest relationship was 7 1/2 years and i 'm only 29. crazy , huh ?
If you miss her and it was your fault !
No you as a person knows when your ready for whateva your talking about your you are own person ! ! ! ! ! !
My best friend is a straight guy and i am gay .
Plus they are warm and soft ha ha .
It might help to kno you are age !
! . OR WHAT . THEY FEED YOU , BUY YOU CLOTHES ETC .
Maybe i do n't know them though
People like the little game of hard to get .
Because the guy just straight foward or crocked type .
I personally do not think it does.But think about it : o )
Let Us try to rephrase the question by asking : what makes/helps women reach orgasm ? ?
YOU should wait til both of you guys are doen with all of that .
Your CHILDREN NEED YOU AND YOU SHOULD BE THERE FOR THEM
Try asking this : DO I LIKE OR DO I LOVE THIS GUY ?
Im a guy , Ill tell you .
But if you do not get out there and look you will never really get over your ex .
No you should not go ahead with her .
I am current dating this man where i work .
But know this , no matter what you do only time can heal all your wounds !
We gals will always remain mystery to guys .
Do what I did and marry a cop . lol
This will eventually come out , do n't hide secrets and stuff , people always find out .
Try THIS BE HONEST ABOUT WHY .
Spice up your life with your wife .
Make him see that you only like him as a friend .
( yes i am bitter leave me alone )
Get that out of him and make your judgement call
I did n't really like it back then .
Well , What are you waiting for ?
Still LIKE BEING A GOTH AS LONG AS YOU DRESS GIRLIE GIRL
If she 's making too much noise
Precious , i 'm 30 & still over do it .
Try HAVING HIM DO IT HIMSELF FIRST .
I do not know but , why will not they go out with me either ? ? ! ! !
If the girl is really asian ( like asian born and bred ) , the guy has to be smart .
When you think/feel like talking/calling someone the first person who comes to you are mind is this person .
No it is not wrong , but unwise .
Yup there are plenty of us here .
Who wants to spend the rest of thier life accomodating anyone ?
Watch PORNO WHILE YOUR GETTING BUSY THAT WOULD GET HIM GOING
She did n't tell me any of , i found out from a girl she hates !
I do n't have any expeience about dating .
I Am goin through the same thing .
True FRIENDS LOOK OUT FOR 1ANOTHER .
One day one time , fate will bring you together my sister
Well you should try to stand out in the crowd but do not flirt with him .
And if it is you then use the gag
Yaaaa AND HE IS A STUD = )
Because they have the upper hand then and they know it .
Definetly angelina , i would turn lesbian for that sexy ass woman !
You go to an arcade , your bound to meet someone .
Be careful , you can get std 's from female juices too !
I do n't really think anyone can be sure that they are in love .
He LIED ABOUT HOW HE FEELS EITHER BECAUSE HE DOES N'T WANT TO GET HURT OR HE JUST WANTS SOME .
A boy you have to make notice you , a MAN already has !
YOU should press your lips agenst hers ( then you should open your mouth just a little-or a lot )
Or did he just drop in on you front porch ?
Explain to her what she did was wrong and why it was wrong .
But most of the times if you have a friend that is a girl she could like you too .
Good Luck huntin ' for that G-Spot .
I acked like I loved him and she treats him likr he 's her slave .
When you can think of nothing but the other person , and you get a funny feeling in your tummy .
Forget about her if you love her or even care about her do not get her involved .
Hang in there girl . God has a purpose for everything .
My problem is what if I run into him again ?
Sleep with a girl just to experiance it .
I 'm not in the mood or feign being asleep .
God provides lots of good things !
Not to sound selfish . but you come fisrt .
Yea and he is so very sweet
Tell them that you are a saint and you are not allowed to kiss other person . XD
But yet not wait till i get married .
I think they have one in cali !
I would not , i have alot of gothic friends and i would not exaclty call myself gothic at all .
Guys have different masks , women do to though .
He probaly likes you too but he 's shy go for it
To tell the truth do n't know .
If my bf did tht i would dumo him because obvously he does not givea shhittt
Does she touch herself while talking to you ?
You get to test out the couch .
Do n't eat sugar and no more sodas .
Lazarus cooler name verdale sounds like a pussy
Or c. move to a different province ?
No crying you are eyes out more than once a day .
Hell no you should not that is really rude
I would say 5 to 6
If her marriage is so bad then she should get out of it .
No , because what if my soulmate was located in the middle of mongolia traveling in a band of nomads ?
Yeah YOU HAVE TO GIVE US MORE TO GO BY .
If he says no he 's probably makin a bad mistake . you are probably really nice . Good luck ! !
I Am just wondering if blondes really do have fun lol
A promise ring is sure way to doom your relationship , i 've seen it too many times before ! !
If YOU DO N'T CHOOSE ONE YOU WILL END UP LOOSING BOTH .
For me and my husband it was better this way .
But if you really want 2 get with him then go 4 it !
Is this you first gf ever ?
You seem too nice for that .
- What about you makes her so crazy ?
Look for the ones that do , ( what )
If it 's gon na cost me money , I want a younger man , not an older one !
Besides . if the person is funny . that sense of humor . might allow him/her . to dress up cuter . or at least put a mask on . =P
Take a vacation or go do something for you !
Ok , I admit , I 'm a perfect fit .
Go for it but just if you realy like him ! !
I used to run around like an idiot trying to appease to everone , and i was wearing myself down .
If you look , you will not find .
Remember 3 things , 1 ) there is a big difference between love and lust .
Do n't fall for the first jerk you see .
I wan2 have more gothic or punk friends how do i meet them
I normaly talk to myself , but talking to God is a better idea i am sure
It 's just something about the way you asked . mmm . no
Watch a woman who is good at it .
If its too overwhelmin to ya then just ask her out .
I Have known him for like ever .
I still ask myself why he broke up with me .
When you think he likes you back
Romantic- 20 years friends- 36 years
And large is when you want to just f you c k !
And when my dad got remarried he gave me a watch , with a message engraved on the back !
Hide it 4 as long as you can
Ever heard of Play hard to get ? .
If your so honest why do you have a pic of a girl avatar ?
If your not married then it sounds like your boyfriend is the jelous kind .
If peeple are judgemental den thas who der gon na b. yoo do not need to worry bout dem .
Or is it bcoz you want one for your dad ?
You should get some mighty fine reactions , and then see what happens .
And now I do n't know what to do , because I really love my sister .
But i f its true love then leave it i mean are you jelsouse you like this boy .
Singin . doe , a deer , a female deer . hee hee
You do n't have to be enemies .
Repot it or brake up with her
You do n't have to be mean , you just have to be strict .
Do n't go just by the way he looks .
It would be crappy if she did n't want a part .
In your heart ; ) Remember , you get what you give ;
Sounds TEMPTING , BUT THE ANSWER ALWAYS ENDS UP TO A NO ! NO WAY !
There are girls out there than have no problem going out once and then going beck to your place .
Youngest 2 = Page Boys Older 2 = Grooms Men / Ushers !
I lik the obi wan kool star wars
Have you ever experience love or what you thought was love before ?
How would you feel if your 15 year old sister was going out with a 26 year old man ?
If you do n't like them , then tell them that !
Yes can be trusted but if you ca n't look beyond that , move on
That will be the best revenge : )
Just flirt and ask questions that you have in you are head and from whatever she says take you are desision
Plus not so much a chance for tornadoes
If it feels like something is not right , probably is n't !
We still talk and he has asked me out again .
Or what ever she 's not happy with about her-self ?
Men are not that differnt from women .
Be GLAD IT 'S NOT A REAL WOMAN AND YOU ARE APT TO DRIVE HIM TO ONE .
And what if he refuses to talk after that or gives me a piece of his mind .
Lol j/k I have no idea .
Of COURSE YOU SHOULD TELL THEM .
We  are all boring sometimes , there ' a always something fun about somebody .
I feel horrible about this but I will not date a guy shorter than me .
There really is no good way to do it .
I think he still has that girlfriend but I do n't care .
Wait to say i love you .
I should know I have an BoyFriend ! ! ! !
Do what you think is best .
If you think he is hot , then go for it and be with the boy !
Go go go lol try dating another female if you feel comfortable and relaxed ull know wat to do .
Then i had my 4th which was 2 weeks .
I am totally single and definately not gay , and do not drink .
Otherwise have a wonderfull time : )
A full day at the spa
Keep IN MIND IMM THIRTEEN AND A BIG FLIRTER
Then i had my 4th which was 2 weeks .
I am totally single and definately not gay , and do not drink .
Otherwise have a wonderfull time : )
A full day at the spa
Keep IN MIND IMM THIRTEEN AND A BIG FLIRTER
I think we are all just looking to have more fun in our lives ! ! !
They will give you a TON of info on that .
The question is , DO YOU LIKE TO DO IT ? ? ? ? ?
At any rate , I do n't really dig rich guys , I do n't think , unless they  are well-mannered and attractive .
Could some body give me a great big WOW ! ! ! ! ! ! !
If so , then it should be rather easy to ask the girl out .
Or maybe he 's just plain mean .
Do you know the girl that you like ?
Do Not forget that no matter how our mother looks , but we always love her more then the others .
And with webcams , camera phones etc .
Course my problem is they always want to go out with me , never want to just be friends .
Well my friend is goth e-mail her dollonesk8 @ yahoo.com
Ask her , if she did n't like you as that , why did she say she did ?
Then you can cut out fast food resturants for a while .
I 'm intersting in now what would be the best thing to do shave , or wax ?
But we in general do not discriminate
If your guy has a sense of responsibility and is mature like you say give it a chance .
At least that 's what I think .
Yahoo Personals is pretty cool as well .
Does the verdale guy like you too ?
But the charm i have is that i ALWAYS admit when i am wrong good luck
Then his girlfriend gets pregnant has a baby . she still does n't leave him .
Can a black man and a white woman be happy ?
You MUST meet him first ! ! ! !
Sent a letter about your love
Did n't you here about that girl who was harrassed by here new computer met bf ?
Get the drift , if they have not had sex for a few days more .
How does he make you feel ?
There are other people , i am sure , that do not judge you just because you dress or act gothic .
I love to go shopping and go to the movies .
Cooking him a good dinner took him out of town spent money and time with him
No it is n't and yes she can if she wants to
-friends who I can actually trust ( I realized that friends are n't always what they seem to be . )
Baby do n't hurt me , do n't hurt me . no more .
You need to leave her . you have a life to live .
I know , crazy , but it always works for me with guys .
If you have a singles club at church that would be good too.Good Luck !
You can do so if you love each other .
I actually kissed my gf when i am 16 .
Nope and I 'm just a GIRL age 10 .
Second step , tell her she 's the one you  are dreamin of .
Why not is more like it ! !
Were you with him the whole 20 years ? ? ?
You do n't know if you do n't ask !
Dude be careful with russian girls .
Hell , if you like him that much , kiss him .
If he loves you , that is his problem , not yours if you do not love him back .
Dump HIM HONEY HE IS A LOW SELF ESTEEMED PRAT .
Slow it down a little though .
Well i hope i helped some .
Either A ) They do n't want to look like wimps .
There is no certain color duh
Really your waisting to much time worrying about it anyway .
Propose 2 another sexy & hot girl .
Do things she like and think you would n't do normally do .
Then again , she could say yes and you guys will go out and have a great time .
15 , but i am still only 15 so i do not really know yet
So there is a message to all you young teens out there DO N'T HAVE SEX ! ! ! !
Wait until you are in a stable relationship with a loveing partner !
Excitarse sexualmente , hacerse lascivo o lujurioso .
Austrailian guys can do no wrong
Then , you can love sth/so else and you  will find sth or so that worths your very special attention .
At least my mind thinks I am .
If they do , you do n't want to be with them anyway .
I just love her so much . much help would be appreciated .
When they hav a boner , its 6 and a half inches
I do not think there is any way you can cheat people when you use different names .
You feel it inside in your heart
Do n't tell anyone I told you .
Why do i need think about it 24/7 ?
When you  are lonely and you have nothing to do , you want to talk to someone , ryt ?
But its depend on your culture .
Why does it drive us men crazy ?
This is what you should do .
Just watch out and make sure that he loves you or you will be heart broken
It sounds like you did something wrong enough for him not to have faith in you .
YOU can also just feel it inside n you  will no .
Use your head on this one ( the one that sits on your shoulders )
They got ta be skinny , but not too skinny .
Maybe he is cheating because he just no longer cares ? ? ?
I 'm a girl so you better read this .
Tell him how you feel , unless you a coward .
If you are serious about this girl , then do n't allow her to become a missed opportunity .
I was like . 20 . it was not too late , though .
Buy some rope and use it
I guess it must be .
Why is the woman all was want too run the man life and still be happy ?
Here Is 1 thing . grls do not ask boys out . its kind of like you being the boy and asking the grl out .
And medium is good for when you want to make love .
You normally have to pay alot & then usaully they do n't work .
I looked at them and felt how gross they were that they were n't my wife .
Sorry about this question it 's my first vibe .
Try finding out different things about the girl like where she hangs out and who she hangs out with .
Are YOU a girl and just want to know this ?
I mean come on give me a break .
But i want to date one girl.but when i meet her i do n't know how to say.i forget everythings .
I think its the dreaded broken dick syndrom .
Well you should know not us
I know those types all too well .
Love is a strong word , are you sure he means it
And you  are even thinking about MARRIAGE and you never even saw the guy for real ? ?
Try to sleep with the female
She 's probably with another guy already
I do not know you tell me . i 'm guessing yeah .
If he says he is sorry .
Maybe he 's not really feeling it .
J/k No offence Jayson , I could n't resist .
That Is it . your sense of humor much inprove . BUDY
I know from experience , you just have to wait ! ! !
Wat sould i do i dnt like him that much ?
It will find you and only then in that moment will you know you are in love .
Cuz he 's a jerk , trying to get over probably the best thing that ever happened to him = YOU
One thing you do n't do is send a friend to ask for you .
I do not want to be too mean cuz i do n't want them to hate me .
It would n't be any fun if they were n't
Just have confidence when you ask .
No thanks i am taken a the moment .
When i had a good girl freind in 2 years age , i got a specially kiss of she .
Next TIME , DO N'T PUT YOURSELF IN A SITUATION WHERE YOU MIGHT BEHAVE LIKE THAT .
Hit him in the head say HEY YOU BOY I am over here
Because male have much more testosterone than female .
But what if she does go with you ?
Can a boy & a girl enjoy premeritalsex ? is it advisable ?
Maybe she 's just pissed off with you .
The funny thing is my first husband diied and 2 years later i had are son together .
But what if she does go with you ?
If you only like him sometimes ! !
Can a boy & a girl enjoy premeritalsex ? is it advisable ?
Maybe she 's just pissed off with you .
But I say love is better .
Nope , you sure do not nor do you get anything else you gave her back , they where gifts !
Or did you break up with her because she did something wrong ?
When you are , you will not have to ask .
I have been asking the same question for years .
Men seem to have a weird way of showing their hurt .
But do n't dump it all on him at once .
Tell her what you feel and want to keep you are private life private .
It might be because your not looking . Email me at killer_sheep_1
You what for a $ 1 if i did n't love the one i was with .
What if the one you fall in love with has one like that .
If he asks you to take him back , reject his @ $ $ !
I am a girl so i will know .
Spend enough time with someone and you will know .
Hey YOUR ARE JUST FINE , THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH YOU .
Or you could always try plucking the hair .
If not you better deal with it .
Because they both are good people .
> dinner > arcade > park > bar > coffe shop > beach > mall
Do n't change who you are just to please people .
A little crazy but not les ! !
What the heck did you spend the money on ?
Seduce him first , it might help .
He has a saying : Strangers * * * * , Boyfriends and girlfriends have sex But husbands and wives make love .
Just say , i think you r hot will you go out with me .
And , obviously you did n't love her enough to say no .
Guys do n't see this as 'wrong ' , so they do n't know that it hurts .
There Is somebody 4 both of you guys ( girls ) .
Its not wrongin fact i do it when my partner will not put out
Better rub your eyes and take a second look .
Anyone heard of baby daddies and STDs ?
You should propose to him with an easy out so it does not sound like an ultimatum
( Might it say it was a strong one ! )
Which ever one makes you feel beautiful
I 'm not 100 % sure but i 'm thinking it was probably just a mistake .
You can love someone alot but still not be ovsessed w/ them or it !
You can go back to school or whatever you want . you just have to have a supportive spouse !
At times you may ignore these people too .
Not all men are that way .
At 12 on new years eve i kissed on of my guy friends because i was pretty drunk .
Fart on both of them and see which one of them takes it better .
That Is 5 years and demi moore is like 50 and ashton kutcher is like 25 .
The THING IS I HAVE A BOYFRIEND ! !
Yes , women actually do enjoy sex , specially if they have a great partner ! !
That is like asking what color car goes the fastest , dude .
Either way , there is a reason you two are just friends .
To get real kiss you ought to be in love . and i have not met my real love yet
The one you have the REAL commitment to !
Broke up with her guy , and went out with my crush !
Space and trust ( the harder question is what do women want from men ! ? ! ? ! )
Yes ask her loved one first that way you do not get into trouble
Go to See 's candy and pick up her favorite sweet .
If she is not red & moist enough .
Quit beating ya meat , if ya want kids someday
Pain is love , untill you learn more about yourself
Godd PURR YOU NEED TO SHUT UP > !
A rose ( or her favorite flower ) and a card is a good idea .
But what he said to me really really hurts .
I DO NOT KNOW WHAT 2 DO !
All three of the boys attended and two of my dearest friends and this made it that more special . )
No matter how bad the other person might be , it takes two to tango .
By the way , using all caps makes you look really ignorant and stupid
You explain your situation to all the other women out there asking why men cheat .
No , you TAKE the ring back !
Yea , I now it is bad , but I am in love with Chris .
Do n't do anything your not comphy doing .
Could have been having troubles at home and it was her way of getting even with her hubby .
Think about that before you let him come back .
Do n't feel too bad if yours does n't .
I suppose some men are irresponsible and immature but a real man who is really in love does n't cheat
I hope it was n't K because you might need to change your screen name !
2. maybe he do n't love you !
Um . ask him to let you see .
Just go up to him and ask
You do n't , get used to it I think she loves you and only wants the best .
If you do it without her consent , she might get mad , even if he says yes .
He asked his girlfriend to marry him , she yes , and she seemed really happy .
Good luck what ever you choose to do with your life !
YOU wana get its answer so see the bollywood film GARAM MASALA * YOU WILL GET YOU ARE ANSWER
Look for the subtlest hints . but do not wait too long to tell her how you feel about her .
My neighbor guy is nice , funny , and just perfect .
In my experience . no one can trust my ex-husband . I 'm just afraid the girls he 's around do n't know it yet .
You need to ask yourself , where is this relationship gon na go ?
My sex life is non-existent , because I just found that my boyfriend goes both ways : (
Budy . its so easy if you want to become ; 1 .
I am comfortable with who i am .
After coffee take a walk somewhere interesting where there will be lots of things to talk about .
Stand up for yourself and just say it .
Or are you just not doing it right ?
I NEEDED A GOOD LAUGH FOR THE DAY
If they tried to explain i would listen but of course they would have to make up for it .
YOU must get over you are shyness to talk to her .
You can get an erection by mostly any naked girl , but to love her really keeps it up
I think you know the answer to this question , lady !
Do N'T PUSH THIS SITUATION IT COULD END UP TO BE A DISASTER .
And my wife and I need our privacy } That should do it .
Tee hee hee . ( Yeah , they were butterfly kisses , but still ! )
The easiest way to make your life a living hell is to marry for money
You will find a guy to love you .if you love him .
Any girl if love me plz contect this e mail moona_nisha @ yahoo.com
Tell her What you love about her .
Maybe you are asking the wrong question .
It was kind of an internet romance but we both felt as if we were falling in love .
You KNOW WHAT YOU LIKE AND WHAT YOU DO NOT LIKE .
Just put yourself in his shoes i guess .
Ok first things first . Is he even looking ?
What Is the worst that could happen ?
Men are not some game you play for fun and prizes .
If you are sure , go ahead
Girl you run from them cuz their not the one you are dateing
If you do n't want the husband there , then you want something else . and that is just wrong .
He would talk to me last year but not this year
When you cross your eyes 4. but normally 2
And it is i 'm sure , it was like that for me too .
But , she is dating your crush , right ?
Think of it like this . would you buy a car without test driving it first ? ? ?
Heck . this chica ca n't even VOTE yet !
If its a once in a while occurence , just strictly cyber no chatting I think its ok .
And NEVER EVER DO IT AGAIN !
In a place where there is a crowd of beatiful , sexy and seductive women .
So , what she was saying was Yeah !
Sorry dude , be more careful in the future
In my teen years , I found that it actually works the other way around .
I not saying is ok to do it but you also got to respect you are man .
If he does not remember he probably is a pervert because he might ask alot of girls out !
He 's too nice to say hey , GO AWAY !
Just pull his arms over your shoulders like doing a piggy back ride .
What is so wrong calling them that ?
That Is five years not 4 gee smart one
If she was just playing hard to get then try again but at a later time .
If she is worth it she will
Cuz if its what i think then this would be some crazy racist question .
I robbed the craddle , was her high school sweetheart .
I do not LIKE BEiNG CALLEd THAT EVERYDAY ESCPICALLY AROUND OTHERS .
Might save your marrage then might not .
If he says yes - yay !
Then we  will start having gang wars and stuff .
People say i have bestfriend qualities because i am real .
A gentleman does not treat a woman like trash !
When i was 5 it was the girl next door
Thers bound 2 b someone right under your nose you jest do not see it .
Now i am angry . but i am not using bad words against you .
Hope you get where I 'm going here . Is she a Taurus ? ? ? ?
No offense to anybody but its not just guys that do that .
Heck you only live once right ?
It 's like the battered wife syndrome .
Ask him if he want to be with you all the time ( good luck )
Guys do n't always talk about their girl friends or the girls they like .
But if you want it just for her , treat her to a spa , a complete head to toe treatment .
I agree with everything that everyone else said . they have all perfectly summed it up !
And try the anal beads they can go in the front or the back .
Ok , when you see her THINK ABOUT JELLY .
I need advice on discipline ? ?
Yeah he 's going to want to sleep because he works alot .
It 'S BETTER TO LET HIM KNOW NOW THAN TO JUST KEEP HIM ON THE STRING .
She MAY BE FEELING THE SAME WAY ABOUT YOU BUT IS SCARD TO TELL YOU LIKE YOU ARE HER .
Actually , it surprised me how nice he actually was to me : )
Would it be worth breaking up with lazarus ?
First of all how old are you .
Me ? 04 people , I m 35 yrs old
( Not unless I am struck w/ cupid 's arrow instantly )
If you like her , this will be tough .
It 's a sick habit that people get into
He should be okay if not good luck
Have a friend tell him , you just get to the flirting
Be HONEST with her and ask her to shower
; ) Plus my mom is where the love is .
Ok here is the devils advocate answer .
Bring her flowers or something like that .
I told a guy and after a week , he straight out ignored me and we have n't talked since ! ! !
I mean . DUH it 's a free world . third - who cares ?
And what would be a could conversation starter ?
Hope i did'nt offend but . that sounds yag sa kcuf !
You asked her to marry you , then you dump her , and want the ring back .
Just cannot be afraid to try everything
Do n't be bitter because you  are a nice person .
Just say No Depends what you  are saying no to .
You should be very proud that he loves you so much .
Just be creative and use other things ( feather , ice cube , rose ) .
Does he look at naked women on tv/computer/mag 's ? ? ?
What is it that defines 'girl of your desire ' ? ?
Chances are even if she does n't admit it , she is feeling like things are um drum too .
I spank them on their skirts .
And what if a person does not want to get married ?
Its simple , simply say would you like to go out with me to . : )
I would say it is a turn off .
With a boy - 14 , with a girl - 17
Sure you  are Loopy , you  are a female .
But then I know guys ( and some girls ) who are only in it for the physical aspect .
I would just ya know call johnny depp and see which one she chooses !
Do w/e feels rite it will work out either way !
There Is no way yoo can change that .
Most of the guys I have dated really did n't care about my emotions or anything like that .
All anybody has to do is keep it straight and simple that way nobody gets hurt .
My me feel about things i did in life .
I got my first boyfriend when i was 13 it lasted a month
Do n't try and over do it just let it come natural and she  will see you are a good guy .
YOU can call her up or say it face-to-face .
Show her the real you and soon she may say yes !
I remember in my past there were some guys that i sooooooo wanted to go out with .
Man , the richies usually treat others like the owe them everything .
Whoever gets him will hurt the other one .
If you gave me a diamond engagement ring , i  would have to keep it . do n't make that mistake again , goofball ! !
9 times out of 10 your friend will start to date the guy .
That Is all i have to say is be creative .
Depends on you are perspective towards life !
Now , i 'm at a different place in life .
YOU WILL KNOW WHEN IT IS TRUE LOVE , YOU WOULD N'T BE ASKING THIS QUESTION IF IT WAS .
Well if he was such a good man why is he divorced Just think about
Just have confidence in your self ! !
And they stop or do n't do bjs anymore .
I Am 25 , is alright to date a 22 year old guy ?
I REALLY LIKE THIS GUY AT SCHOOL
It does not matter how old you are now .
There are n't any websites shawty , you have to figure the dude out for you are self aiight
I 'm a Christian , so maybe I should try singles or youth groups ?
If your a Christian and has a bible read this .
I Am sure it can . if the dream is not something unusual like meeting peter pan
Conttact me @ effieakamuffin @ yahoo.com if you need more advice
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
Love COMES IN EVERY DIFFERENT SHAPE , SIZE , COLOR , AND ORIGIN .
How would you like it if they were good looking and that is all they talked about ?
And that person is the one you spend the rest of your life with .
Show off you are Money , if you have . you will get GF 's easily like you are underwear .
But rember do n't take any big jumps .
It should n't matter what sex the person you love is !
The 3rd time she stated that I promptly told her , Fine !
That Is what I do , though if I like any girl , I approach her and ask her out .
That is like saying a man with a large penis is a good lover .
Well , you just need to tell her .
Should I move on or Wait ?
Ask her why she did that and then you make up your desicion .
Definately is not easy , but is well worth it !
Why not its a great work out
If he does not then that is a judgment call 4 you
Well only if she thinks he 's the ONE for her .
I have pictures of my mom kissing my tiny little head .
Love hurts sweetie and you got nothing to prove that he wo n't hurt you again.so , let him go .
I Am Going To - I think it 's fine .
Distance does not really matter these days : )
Of COURIS THE DATE WITH A KISS ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I told my friend to go home .
I bed with woman , our go beach with towel make love our in shower ,
Try to dod it alittle at a time .
It was leaking tears till i got the piece taken out .
Or just walk for an hour or two a day to get rid of some fat too .
Dirty clothes are a big turn off too .
Is sociaty that biased or am I just missing something here ?
If so does that mean you were playing games with those gals ? ? ?
I Am my self and i am friends with everyone .
You could try to get closer to her through her friends , let her know the real you !
Always beleiving that everything is -1 , below the scale , bad , will go wrong long ever before attempting .
. SO TELL THEM THAT IS NONE OF YOUR BUSSINES . MORONS !
How much stronger can you get ?
Put TOOTHPASTE OVER THEM OVER NIGHT ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
You do n't want to be held responsible for their break up
Do n't be an intrument of satan .
Because they do n't want to wait .
We have all gone through it !
You have to decide who you really wan na stick with to get married .
Yea if you do not try to push it then he probablly will
Here 's a good site to go to .
And lastly , do n't lead either of them on .
You do not wan na know . but i will show you if you drop by at my house .
Grow up and stop thinking with your peter .
100 % if not protected even if it was oral sex
How does he treat you i need more info to answer this question
And you can say whatever you want .
I think that is the best way to do it .
Come on , it sounds like you do n't really want to be her best friend .
Oh . and carot juice in the morning .
To TELL YOU WHAT TO DO ? ? . NO ! !
I do n't mean to sound sore , but that 's love , really .
You are in college enjoy yourself ! !
What if you do start dating ?
Well , i am better than average then how about 8.5
Going after someone just for there monnney that 's not true happeness .
Well , you ca n't blame your best friend totally cos love works in funny ways .
Best way to get over insecurity .
My advice , do n't say a word to her husband .
Think about the qualities you like in a person that is the key
Then you call her and ask if she tried to call you yet .
If you do not feel ready to tell your boyfriend that you love him just do not .
How about . talking about him and be the person he wants you to be
Yeah to say there is would be racist .
Follow you are heart.get to know her better maybe she is not that bad who knows ask her friends
If he  will still glance at the gay man .
How ever you both have to want to fix the problems .
I too lost both of my parents but they passed beause of illness .
Try to end it bieng friends at the least .
Oh yeah you can tell if she likes girls by .
She is a mystery is n't she ?
Because all guys just want to bust a nut and it does n't who with .
Faint heart never won fair lady .
Then again if she is ugly forget about both of them .
If it is I Am really bad .
Tell her you hate it and wo n't stand for it anymore .
I have times , when , i swear , women are just throwing it at me as i walk down the street .
B. go back to her with my tail between my legs ?
No it is not wrong at all , it is totally natural .
Or you  are the one looking one for him ?
And so on and so on .
Otherwise I like to get Basketball Tickets !
And I love travel too , though have n't done much yet .
Not if you dought yourself girl
If you find out what a woman wants , please let me know !
If she meant no then it 's no .
) ACTING A CERTAIN WAY WHEN HE REALLY IS N'T LIKE THAT CAN BE A NUMBER OF REASONS .
His clothes does not matter at all .
Let me get some thing straight here .
If you need to yell and scream , just leave .
I got married in august , not to hot or to cold and i had an outdoor wedding
However if your in love . USE A CONDOM !
Someone please help me because i am truely torn .
To ME IT IS JUST BEING YOU IF YOU ARE PUSHIE HE  WILL FEEL LIKE YOUR SOMETHING YOUR NOT
We 've desensitized sex so much that just hanging out seems lame by comparison .
Tell her , girls like to her the truth GOOD LUCK
Why marry to only find out they are lame in bed ?
Look no more , your crush is here !
If she chooses johnny depp ( which she will ) obviously she is not fruity ! !
So whoever it is your just gon na have to flat out ask her what she ment by it .
Or in one nike sneaker and one brown shoe with non-matching socks ?
My friend even yelled at me and gave me a hour lecture because of it .
I play football with all the guys at my school ! !
My daddy , because he has taught where to set my standards for life .
If she says no , then you do not have to feel bad or wonder what 's wrong with you .
Civ 4 , netflix , once in a while I go out to eat .
Even lust or love . it 's good to start with a kiss .
I do n't think you should worry about it .
That is the worst that can happen .
Note : DO WHAT YOU WOULD WANT YOUR BEST FRIEND TO DO TO YOU !
True love will take time do not be drawn in to fast by lust
( I guess my ex-wife did n't see it that way . )
What the heck is that about ?
He says they do other stuff , but I do n't ask for detail !
You CA N'T MAKE ANYBODY TRUST YOU , SHE HAS TO SEE THAT FOR HERSELF THAT YOU ARE A TRUSTWORTHY PERSON .
So time is n't really the problem ! !
Boys are dumb . just face it .
If that does not work go to zabasearch.com ?
Tell him that you do n't want to kiss him until you marry him .
Yes i would just because they have a disability does not mean and thing there a human to
Are something is truely better left unsaid or what ? ? ? ?
( be careful of hubby though , this is a bad issue ) Good luck .
Well they  are in laws . so make you are husband do it , it 's his family
If WE CAN DO IT SO CAN YOU
Then you can make love all you want !
( by the way , he has no girlfriend and he 's not gay )
If you are ugly , then do not though
Do n't waste your time on him , he is n't worth it .
I just answer this 'cuz I 'm Vietnamese too .
Men do n't usually marry sheep because sheep ca n't cook .
Tell her you are n't her safety net .
You WANT MORE BUT YOU ARE AFRAID SHE WILL NOT SEE AS THE BOYFRIEND TYPE .
There is a HUGE difference between just sex and making love !
Either you are in love or you are sick
Simply tell him that you need a little bit longer .
I feel you on that one that is what i have been wondering
It just when we try sex he has these problems and we are both gettin frusterated .
Escort her into the bathroom , & tell her you  would love to take a shower together .
Why would a guy do something like that ?
When you feel like going out of the way n helping this person .
But what if there 's no one there to talk to you ?
Oh and another thing , do n't put yourself out there for a guy who is not interested in you .
Then we do n't know that we almost hurts someone .
Go for it if hes flurting with you you have nothing to lose
Your true love will fond you !
Make a separate email account in yahoo
No matter what you do someone has to cheat it .
Simply ask if he would like to hang out sometime and give him a phone number .
You just ca n't forget the whole thing .
How to get out of it ?
Hmmm . 4 me longest 1 month .
Be A GOOD BOY AND RESPECT AND BELOVE anayone !
But YOU got to keep looking or YOU  will never know .
Or should I just get over it ?
If you used it to get $ 100.00 in change , i would say you 've made a profit ; - )
Why DO WOMEN GIVE MEN A BUNCH OF CRAP ABOUT PORN ?
And my mom , she is always nagging me and sumtimes i hate her .
Just TELL HER THAT YOU NEED TO TALK TO HER AND LET HER KNOW HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT HER .
Just to see what they get and to get the satifaction that they can get a gurl turned on
And you will be happier with this one !
Not for me main is 4 in chese is thise big .
Drink alchol at a party with at least100 other people
You wo n't know if you do n't ASK
But work on it slow take your time to open up with her
Waitet 5 years to do this right ?
Not that easy bro but one tging i can tell you BE YOURSELF.GOODLUCK
I think best place is HOME . SWEET HOME .
How could you ever trust her ? ?
Well get rid of thi then.Who cares ?
Nope your not your name is only on the card not the account
How about you find a nice guy with no strings .
Enything negative harmfull , bad ex i will never win .
Because you might find he is wonderful .
I Am not sure whether he feels 'good riddance ' or whether he still cares for me .
I mean , I love parties too but he should n't take it to extreme .
So keep on trying . there 's a whole world of nice people out there
C'mon i mean , let us be real .
Then a guy might come around.But do not rush yourself to get a bf .
If you love him then yes i would give him a second chance .
Gee , I have a CRAZY idea !
Or maybe he does n't want a girlfriend right now .
Some are scared of rejection , . some are just PIMP WAN NA BES !
Performace anxiety get married and it just might clear up .
Hell yes would you want someone to ask your wife out
Ask a girl out , or get a hooker .
Who knows you mite decided you do not love him as much as you thought he did after it .
Treat her almost like one of the guys .
Well if it was me , I would go where women who like women hang out .
Hi I 'm a gal , and have brown hair !
When I married , I married for life .
But white girls come across as easier .
Now if it is a woman that may not like women , then get her drunk : ) lol
Since their marriage its been almost 2years - Now , they are having problems .
Say your sorry that is all you can do
Ok , women need to be romanced .
Only she 's liked him since freshman year .
Gurls love funi guys so iif you are funii then you are half way there ! !
You can just treat him right .
When she came home from work she smelled like i do n't know what .
If you look you will run into alot of dead end roads !
Yes , its a very strong word if some one belives you when you tell them i love you .
Love is the answer i mean if you loved the persen would you want them doing what your doing
Never change who you really are .
Three : if he licks his lips alot near you .
YOU would know if he tells you that he love almost all the time .
I 've done it 5 times in the course of a night .
Oh , buddy . it 's SO not right !
Wake up both of you it might save a lot of problems .
Are there signs or something that shows a man that she is diggin him or what ?
Sry i cannot help you with this question but i can say do not give up .
Is he OCD ( obsessive compulsive ) on stuff ? ? ?
Make eyes and conversation with another female talk about other girls and or dates .
I want to have sex after marriage .
There are a million ways of making a girl feel special .
I LOVE YOU , and do n't you forget it . send him FLOWERS to the house not work . and so on .
All I want is a list of places my boyfriend and I can go .
Do n't invite him over and do n't ask him what he wants to do
I just know if I love the person that I am with then it seems to be GREAT ! !
But you cannot be satified because you banged some guy that was bigger .
He is the cutest thing ever ! ! !
Run , do n't walk to a marriage counselor !
People are just people ; no getting around it , I guess .
You say he 's been like that for 20 years ? ? ?
Do YOU WANT TO HANG OUT ?
Of couse woman enjoys sex it depends on how good the sex is
But beleive me it makes it that much better !
You do not like him so let him no how you feel .
( or stuff one at a time )
What do you really have to lose ?
And BE SURE THAT IT 'S CONSENSUAL ! ! !
No cuz age are not nothin but a number
Now if you think it is a bad idea , then follow this adviice .
{ { SHAKE SHAKE } } The outcome is unclear . { { SHAKE SHAKE } } That is very unlikely
But deep down , i still love her .
Definately not our bodies were designed for sex so why not love i do i love it a lot
I think you do n't really want any of them , wait for number 3 !
Or does she accidentally touch you are hand n then smile ?
Ask her if you can FUCK HER UP HER NICE TIGHT SWEET ASS !
Me you what is your age I need a boyfriend
Nope just you ; ) Oh , and I see Uber_wise_James too .
I did not get married to get divorced .
Either OR IT ALL DEPENDS ON THE MOOD THAT YOU ARE IN WHEN YOU CLOSE THE DATE
Now she trys to be nice but it is so hard to forget what she did .
Consider yourself lucky my mom did n't care and it took me many years to learn how to be happy
Just marry a billionaire so that you can make him a millionaire
Lose all of your inhibitions . be wild
But you have to do what you have to do .
Now my ssecond one is one of the meanest person on the face of the earth .
Let them work it out on their own .
How about not talking and getting a life !
And see where you need work .
I do not think a 18 year old should be going out with a 23 year old
That is if she is not pissed at you .
Show up late on the wrong day ?
But hey , what 's in a name , eh ?
When girls tries to domiante a man it attrats the most
Because he is guy who can not see any better
Rehurse it the day before & just ask her questions & talk to her
You are n't , you are a little gray egotistical box .
I would talk to him or ask a friend of his if he likes you
I hate to tell you this but . you do not never look back
Chocolate every woman loves chocolate i mean i do , and maybe some flowers like a rose .
Baby look you is not resonsible for nothing that has your name on it .
And all your love with a sweet smile and huge .
The part about him saying he has no son . well , putting it nicely . he 's a butthole !
Take her out to a casino !
First find a girl near about you and try to make her girlfriend ok
Me and my family usually get along .
You ca n't go back , that 's like staying at your job after they fired you !
Sooner OR LATER IT WILL BREAK AND HE WILL BE HURT MORE THAN IF YOU JUST TELL HIM .
If she does n't want you to tell him then you should n't .
I Am a guy and i think you be honest with him and he should respect that
No stings attached - just sexy mail , from someone you 've never seen . Yah , sunds good !
Ask if you could join in .
She does not really act like she cares for the friendship
If you feel you must . then you do not need to be married !
Usually his di ck on her a.s.s
Do n't pick one guy and stick with him unless you  are sure about it , because that 's not fair to him .
Just say it plain to him guys are like that
If you feel you must . then you do not need to be married !
Usually his di ck on her a.s.s
Do n't pick one guy and stick with him unless you  are sure about it , because that 's not fair to him .
Some girls are ugly as blondes but i like brunettes better
Just say it plain to him guys are like that
Tell him you love him but if they think you do n't you ca n't change it !
Taboo is more fun , so better make some normal things taboo , or they wo n't be fun 8 )
Something maybe on thier mind or they may not like you
So tell them quit hating and go find their own .
And some of them are thinking of the kids too .
You read that they actually get caught less than guys do ?
She just may very well just like quickies like she says !
Leave him and get wit me
Use a cock ring you can get them most sex shops .
And , remember DO NOT go back to him !
Lost love years ago no relief no recovery still have that same love to give to another
R you a girl , age . reply me , atleast answer something to my question
What the hell is wrong with some of you all ?
Would it be ok if you are girlfriend cheated but just for sex ? duh !
Try not to hang on with him or his friends , go out , do different things i do n't know try new things
Home made baby it has to hot and fresh .
So i 'm sorry but , i got ta do it .
You cannot tell til you see it for yourself
You guys need to get a grip .
But someone trys to tell you and you do n't listen .
If you meet someone great , heck yeah !
How you love him or her ?
I owuld dump her if it was me
I have a bipolar friend and i like him what do i do
But as girls mature , they realize that bailing your boyfriend out of jail is not a good thing .
Then I heard a voice saying Sure , here you go .
If she has to ask you , then drop it .
So persist on her going with you , convince her how cool it 's gon na be and stuff .
Wow you are 26 pretty and really sweet then really i am bad luck that i cannot meet you .
Most older men like honest women .
Hey ya ever in Charlotte , Nc shoot me a email , dinner or coffee my treat .
Methinks if she 's being so shy that means she digs you .
I bet he is looking for you too !
Its the perfect kiss if its the perfect person .
So still be friends with him , but let him know upfront that is all just friends .
She turned around and looked at me .
She confronted him and he ended up leaving her for the other girl ! ! !
If you r in love or emotionally involved with some one then there is a telepathy between the two .
Do n't get me wrong though , divorce sucks .
Starting with her lips , move down to her neck .
If not , then you are OK for oral .
! No , are you seriously asking this question ? ?
Her , but whatever you do do n't do it face to face .
Nope sorry ca n't help you . already married but their may be some takers
Because you can have respect without love , but you ca n't have love without respect .
Act the way you always act .
Eww what kind of question is that ?
Skinny hot girls have self-esteem problems which makes them vulnerable .
That ALONE WOULD MAKE ME STRONG WILLED TO SAY NO WAY !
Probally a whales . maybe a giant squid . * snickers *
I should have cheated trina and kelly , that is a good song lol
Move on theirs other fish 's in the sea .
You will feel it in your heart
I did not cheat and never will .
I ca n't believe you have to actually ask this question .
I have heard it was the flicker lol
10 points for her brain 10 points for her body 10 points for her availability
Well , maybe you should be a lil more flirty .
You DO NOT NEED WORDS TO SAY YOUR BEAUTIFUL OR I LOVE YOU ITS IN THEN EYES AND SOLE
I believe in love at first site . cuz i experienced it .
Because you would n't care if they go judgemental on you .
Do N'T USE YOUR CAPS LOCK KEY .
She just has to love you back .
If you beleive n listen to you are dreams then for you telepathy is a truth n not a myth .
It might mean that she 's just kidding around and maybe that 's her way of flirting ! !
No , that 's why they call it love at first sight
Hmmmmm good question . I can not wait to see the answers to this one ! !
You do n't owe the girlfriend anything !
Go for it but be damm careful ( bring condoms )
Once you start hitting off well while flirting , sit on his lap or something .
Ask yourself if you really care .
I like to get kids veggie tale videos .
Just be kool and ask her be4 someone else gets her sweetie .
I just have a wondering eye .
I just want a man who cares for me and not just for sex .
Just do n't push it and just go with the flow . if there is one ?
I 'VE HAD THE EXACT SAME PROBLEM FOR A LONG TIME .
And attracting him , and do what he likes ,
If he 's got a girlfriend , your a little late .
How are you in love with someone you do not even know ?
Why DO MOST GUYS THINK THEY CAN USE OR MANIPULATE WOMEN ?
But do n't let him talk you in toanything you do n't want to do .
Punch him in the arm and run a way . that will really get his attention !
But you do n't have to suffer because of him .
You are a lady killer my friend !
She  would go to be with me instead of saying how boring it was .
Live him alone and go out with me
You have to realy know what too do .
I 'm not a girl , but let me just tell you that I totally sympathize !
Is it that he really loves you too ?
. not the [ posessed humans ] . there just weak.spiritualy .
We have only talked twice before . )
No but get to know them
No he may have a big problem at the moment .
Will a hefty trash bag 39 gallon help ya ?
There are lots of things to discover .
Do you call him a lot several times so he would not think it was a big deal ?
If not then you either can get the proof and go to her or do n't say any thing .
Say he has a small dick ( man part ) shut them up so fast
It might just be a man thing to stroke his ego
What is you are messenger id , so we can chat
I f you do not get the worst , alright !
Yes , especially when you are feeling horny .
Boss , the whole of india is beautiful .
You over on the phone with her whitty , funny , personality .
People do answer your question so wat r you talking about ? ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ? ? ? ? ? ?
I am a female , but i think that all they think about is SE.X but whatever ! !
Right if you keep running back to Mr .
Stay overseas and enjoy it , visit lots of new places .
It did not take me long for my g/f to kiss me .
Either act like a man and be here for me and the baby or were gon na leave you .
Too old would be the 46 to 50 's
I Am saving the goodies for the man who wins me over mind body and soul . with a wedding ring .
And he really do not love you because he did not think of you when he made a crime
In ESSENSE IT IS ALL ABOUT YOU AND THAT PERSON .
I kno dis myte sound helluh cornee but . start wit a compliment . lyk hyz hair or clothez . datz wut i do !
If you WANT to have sex with him , yes .
And what if he is one of your good friends ?
Never do anything you do n't want to just because they want to .
Some women want sex with no strings attatched too .
To be Honest with you there is no wrong choice in the matter ( If you do n't have a heart ! ! )
You guys are having lunch , then your in bed a few days later with this guy .
She 's looking for a perfect moment for you 2 do that .
I told the words that hurt them very bad like poison (
You should go to Yahoo Personals .
Do what the guys do , ask him out for coffee .
So what you need to do is ask her .
Just kidding i think aaaa . no money works
If not , than you can relinquish it .
Some gay guys let and like for men to use them .
Boy meets girl , girl meets boy . they like each other so much and eventually . boom !
Ask someine youknow their e-mail or whatever .
YOU can feel it you tell your self wat you are intersted in .
Do n't do anything either until he says what is up then tell him
Just come out and say want you want !
His fiance found out they were thru & he was w/ Jolie by reading it in the tabloids !
I think you should try to talk to her and tell her how you feel .
I am thinking he does not really love you .
Sure but it sounds like there is a catch phrase .
Samething ladies r looking for basically
I think you should try to talk to her and tell her how you feel .
If not your thing try a cock ring or even better both , whether using condoms or not
I am thinking he does not really love you .
Sure but it sounds like there is a catch phrase .
Samething ladies r looking for basically
I met this guy one month ago .
I ca n't make the girl that i love her feel ehat i feeling ?
Or birth control pills work too
Go to beach or parks and have picnics or you guys can invite a few friends over .
Ya i think you might have a chance .
Hope i was able to help .
Suck HIS COCK SLOW AND LONG
All he does is to send texts messages once in a while .
That Is why I Am the one that cooks .
Wan na play truth or dare wit us today ?
Hmmm see , i am a university student .
With shy guys . just tell him what you want !
Oh yeah you are drop dead gorgeous
If you can dare call me at 09837290860
I had a live in girl friend in dallas .
I suggest you keeping going at your game
Keep zippers shut and legs crossed .
I think you are the biggest penis in the world
A time when she is n't going to explode , etc . ) .
Some girls think small penises are cute
I did n't know you used Yahoo !
Probably not right away but she  will know .
Its called oops let us not tell anyone about that one
Because their parents did not learn them right things
First thing I got ta say is how old is he ?
Now adays those that do stay home are internet addicted .
Always having cell phone within her reach at all times , and freaks if you go near it .
You have to be yourself and be mature !
Right now a guy between 17-25 is in his prime that means he needs it all the time !
You want HIM to ask YOU out again .
Do n't let him have his cake and eat it to !
Think about it and be very careful .
YOU have to wait and see .
If we drank alot 2 hours .
And do not care about any other
But HE SHOULD HAVE DISCUSED THIS ISLAM ISSUE WITH HIS PARTNER IN LIFE , HIS WIFE .
But go ahead and try if your that desperate .
Can i ask you a question ?
Ok . just my own opinion mind you . but here goes : Lust seems to be purely physical .
What kind of clothing do i look for
My Mom was twenty-five when she got pregnant with me & my dad was twenty-seven .
Where on earth did you get that ?
And maybe try to kiss him on the cheek first .
Guys , believe it or not , have feelings too !
You WANT THAT PERSON IN YOU ARE SPACE .
Yes , I think so because many people just are in closet !
Some women are never on time .
If anything is telling you no , then do not do it .
Its like your very own harem !
Maybe she is not the right one and there is someone else for the both of you . that would be my answer !
Do you think he just want ass .
Which one do you love more ?
Just come out and say just what you just said .
I wonder if you can call this love .
Miami , it 's hot and everybody 's sexy .
I think that all guys do that even if they say they do n't .
Sweeti - you ca n't MAKE anyone love you .
They start loving you the way you are ?
Be her friend first and foremost !
For the same reason that some people like chocolate ice cream and some people like vanilla .
Ivonne is my cusion and greg is the guy
YOU find girl with small hoo hoo .
You do not want a phony relationship .
I think guys do like tomboys .
It is fun to do it to
Because your heart does not know the difference between same sex and opposite sex .
I would say , however , that women are no better .
YOU mean on the computer or with webcam ?
So why not make it a date in the place where you first met ?
Hi you seem ok but what do you realy look like
Lots of ways to discover your mate here .
Many man r just stupid and they want to play with you they r just jerks ( Answer my questions 2 )
But its good to be the leader once in a while .
Then , I read the other 's answers and thought they had a point too .
These days i think it is like on cuz it 's krazly given to/by everyone
YOU will know that true feeling
Neema seem so you forgot to ask the question . ok .
The fact that she is keeping it for just one guy only is a big thing !
Most important , do you like her mind ?
He loves you more than that .
It 's best you do n't go out with guys who want you just for your looks !
Got ta see both sides of the story .
Do you like him , if you do just talk to him and stuff .
More concerned about what he thinks your not giving him emotionally then mad .
Let us know how it goes ! !
It would be nice if I have not heard of that poem once before !
Do n't jack off because it inhibits you
Yes my bf cheats on me i got total proof and he still denys it
You cheated just to have sex ?
Maybe he likes you he will notice you and ask you out .
1 time , baby number 2 was on the way .
If you do n't ask you  will never know
Find a quiet place where both of you are comfortable at .
Well , i was heartbroken when i found out my exbf was cheating on me .
YOU should n't care about the women or anything .
How long have you guys being going out ?
If he actually CARES about you then he will slow it down .
Act like this ( * ^ # ( ^ ) # ( $ & _ ( @ # & @ ) ( Just Kidding . Act unimpress but very interested in things he do .
When we spoke he told me he was working , and could n't call me back .
Just pull her to the side one day and tell her how you really feel .
People are afriad of things they do n't understand .
I hope they all find out .
Then follow it up with ARE YOU STILL HAPPY WITH ME ?
I do not want to be so someone 's sugar mama !
Well i think romantic dinner and then party or honey moon
Most girls are very shy and they need a little push so as for them to roll with you .
No offense , but that is a dumb question .
I thought it would push people away , but would n't you know it guys thought it was sexy .
I think it 's because they like penis .
The ANTICIPATION WILL BUILD ON HER END .
YOU should say something to him if he will not say anything to you
They 've only met a year ago . and to my surprise . she chose that girl ! !
But do n't make it overly obvious either .
I just do n't know how to tell if he likes me or how to get him to notice me
But then I 'm getting to the point where I 'm in the middle between 27 and 60 , LOL
We never fight and we see each other every chance we get
You cannot do that if you did not know you were doing it in the first place .
Do him a favor , go out with him to applebees and say you need to go to the restroom .
What steve wrote ; I second that !
Do you think I should wait_ ? ? ?
But she shud b wise enuf not to land her in a soup .
It is a good feeling though , it makes life more interesting . have fun !
Money diamonds and jewelery homeboy i know because my gurl loves all that junk
After a couple of months . ?
You cannot just make urself popular ! !
No , I do n't believe that it is wrong .
Tell him if he loves you he will wait .
Its a good thing - I love to feel that way !
Love has many reasons that reasons can not reason
But if he does n't want , do n't force him too much .
I do not have a husband but if i did i would be furious !
Maybe that 's just who they 've fallen in love with .
It just hits you that is all that happens
What can we do that is fun , and cheap ?
I do n't ! -I let her make the first moves , then take it slow/go from there .
Family IS MORE IMPORTANT BUT MAYBE YOU SHOULD TELL HER SHE IS BEING REALLY REALLY SELFISH .
Do n't go into debt for your wedding !
I 've tried freezing a spoon and lay it on the hickey !
If you do n't mind it , then go with the flow .
I need more details which kind of love ?
And i clean up quite will so i have been told , lol
There Is other things to worry about
Just do all you can to make things well with her again .
It really does not matter , just find the right guy and make sure its the right time !
That 's what i tell people who ask this questions .
First of all why was he in jail for ?
Chocolate with mint ( those are seriously good ) .
You might get a 15 year old telling you she ` s 30
If NOT , TELL HIM YOU LOVE HIM BUT THAT YOU  ARE IN LOVE WITH HIS D O GG Y STYLE
Maybe , but i look at a lot of guys all the time , even though i have a boyfriend .
Take one day at a time .
No , it 's with the one you hate the most .
We like to hear that too !
I hate dumb girls that are arrogant like hell .
Can you show you are face & Id ?
Just believe me when I say that your my cutie pie .
And other men do n't do this ?
Use a lie detector , just kidding ! !
And tell her that sh_t wo n't cool .
I myself do it while i am with my hubby .
Whomever you feel most attracted to just tell them how you feel .
I know you want to have any experience , but you will regret it .
If you say you love him too and are lying you are making a big mistake .
We just do n't want you to notice that we notice .
He says , I 'm mad , I 'm going drinking .
Beliveve me I do n't but let me tell you about something that happen At school .
Coz the stranger does not even care a bit about you !
I guess that is what they mean when they say love at first sight .
Think OF TIGER WOODS AND HIS WIFE .
He tells me he 's so lonely and he misses me .
I am a girl and i think confidence wins guys over if they are smart anyway .
And i do not usually remember too much !
A remote control car , a cd player , a karaoke machine
I am single too , thanks for the 2point : )
But in the end . i found a wonderful guy on match.com .
But the funniest thing is . they never look back to check whether i am staring at their ass ! ! !
We  are not married yet but I 'm working on it !
I really do n't want m - - - stop liking me .
You have to talk to him yourself and tell him you like him !
If he really likes you he will make the first move
Run as fast as you can ! !
That depends i could give you suggestions but i could not promise they would work .
Do women actully go 4 this just random and never c him again
YOU cannot neglect a GM .
When are you going to move on ?
I know I love her , I ca n't wait for my fist slap , that is love , are not it ?
Um , yeah , try a ziploc bag .
Toys i recommend the power glove ! ! ! ! ! !
We love those bad boys do n't we .
And listen to your heart ( not other people ) but , keep logic close to your heart .
My ex gf is marrying the wrong guy .
I waited until i was almost 19 , and the guy was a total jerk .
She does not love you she wants a puppet .
I need to look for his personality and the passion he has for me or else for get it !
When his pals arrived , he introduced me like , that 's my girl diane .
Me AND MY FRIEND TRIED IT FOR LAUGHTS , AND LAUGHS WAS ALL IT WAS GOOD FOR !
Its about adoring it for what it is . good , bad and ugly .
How i feel so good with dating and have fun a good time without my boo !
Eye contact , and time spending w/ you
Just take it easy and relax .
I am in love right now .
I do n't think that 's how it should be .
I also know some girls went to prom without a date . and that is cool too !
But you could make it longer !
And am done and over with that too .
Remember : 1.this will most likely bite you in the butt later.2 .
I AM SICK OF GETTING THOSE FATTY GIRLS AT CLOSING TIME AT THE BAR THAT DO N'T TURN YOU DOWN .
Yeah , I feel the same way .
Well you ca n't trust girls as friends or as people you just talk to .
The ones I know wo n't just say it .
But sometimes drunk if you wan na spunk thing up
I agree some women do like quickies .
Being a Friend means being with them in both good and bad times .
Plenty , depends what kind of relations do you mean
Now that is not to say that I do not have problems . just different ones .
But it 's like , now that she is with him she never wants to chill with me anymore .
Now i have not tried to contact him in 2 days .
And keep in mind that YOU DESERVE HAPPINESS !
! If you wpould like more advise . Email me @ meow3994 @ yahoo.com ! !
Just bite you are lip and say it .
Plenty of other nice looking DECENT men out there who have brains bigger than a walnut !
Its not bad to fantasize no matter how extreme .
I do not know . maybe he will like that type of thing . flattery .
Now , I do n't know what to do .
Be thankful that she sees all this stuff and yet she is still with you
And if you like the other 6 words holler @ me if you like .
A long time ago I saw Ricky Martin dancing on TV .
Or maybe you just have n't found the right man yet .
But there is another part that tells me if i say yes he would jump @ the chance .
Probably drunk but i could not really tell you because when i get drunk i get wasted !
If you are not willing to wait then you should break up with him .
It 's sort of like a bruise .
Are you sure they  are really girls ?
He  will be so blown away that you  will get whatever you ask for .
The most i ever got was 7 hours .
I think its only you who could answer that .
The guy purchases for the girl and and the gal gets one for the guys that is what happens here
I Am goin through the same thing .
I Am kool wit my X. soem people rnt though
Stay with your boy ! and tell the other boy your sorry !
None as long as they are legal age
I guess you do n't put ketchup on your eggs either ?
Tell her you do n't want any commitments .
Just kidding about the last one , please do n't .
I just do not know what to do .
It really do not matter if he likes someone else .
Yes i have ached for someone
If it 's mutual , then you  are both simply nymphomaniacs gettin ' yer freak on !
Wow which country you are from where there is no fools
Women are just as bad as men if not worse because their better at it .
Someone who truly loves you will respect you . so i guess respect is more important in a way .
Yeat its real , but when you young , you just have crashes that is it .
Why a married man goes to a hotel with a girl who is engaged ?
Because fighting is part of marriage and if you got through this one you can make it ! !
You are very sexy and hot.i would like to date with you
Do you think people choose to be gay or lesbian because it 's fun ?
I get more offers because i 'm with someone , other girls see that dedication and want a piece of it .
If your food ca n't be eaten , well just call for a pizza delivery !
Do n't get too caught up because he was a perfect gentleman for that 1 night .
Definitely sober , although a little tipsy is pretty awesome too !
If he said yes then you have you are answer but if he said no . hard luck girl .
Active your boyfriend sexually as possible
But DO N'T RUSH RIGHT INTO SEX W/ HER AFTER THE KISS .
First he will look at you more than any other girls .
As stats show they get caught lesses than men
Rock on you got any pic 's or home movies ?
I play hard to get i guess .
Does he have alot of money ?
You can get them in all sizes .
I strongly believe in virginity . not just because I 'm a Christian .
If I got to be 27 again , heck yeah !
Men do n't have as much to worry about .
But she got eventually got pregnant .
No difference at all ( except of hair color )
If he 's lying , dump his sorry ass .
Well just clik on that face in you are messeges thing
It is good to have sex with one who loves you also
How about she is board and she want to dance .
The PEOPLE THERE ARE CRAZY LONELY AND THEY GO THERE BECAUSE THEY THINK THEY CAN IMPRESS SOMEBODY WITH CONVERSATION !
Sign up for a dating service
Why else did you get a hickey on your neck ?
Sex lots and lots of it
Dear let me our marriage date ok . LOL
You will know it . by her eyes !
And then see how he feels about you !
Wow . depends on how strong she is and how strong you are guys are .
If he was THE ONE , I  would still want him to quit .
Just getting to know someone does n't have to lead to more .
And ask her to dance too !
Honestly . some gurls do not want to embarress themselves .
He sitll feels the same but you do n't
When you care about everything she/he cares about and you do n't want her/ him to get hurt
Stay in your marraige unless someone is causing physical pain .
No unless its your mom or sisters not girls in general .
Work 55 hrs a week to occupy my mind .
Well since you waited 5 years wait till they break up .
You do not ask her at all .
Well i am my opinion you may say : boyfriend : I love you !
Though truth really hurts , but your boyfriend needs to move on .
If that is the case forget him .
She is so hot , i had a huge crush on her like forever
I almost peed myself watching that movie !
Well , if you love your boyfriend then you will have to sacrifice the other boy .
Then ask your self how old is he ?
But download it you  will see what I mean
They teach kids stuff as they are having fun !
For some people it is love at first site .
It is hard because you ca n't see them all the time
I do i think it 's wrong when some do n't b/c they find it wrong .
I do n't think so . No one can control me
We talk alot about just about anything .
2. there to stupid to know which hole to stick it in .
And my second husband had the same thing .
Seems like he does n't even know what he really wants . : /
Even a shy guy will nod his head yes or no .
What you mean is do guys like ugly girls with zero feminity ?
Could you know that you love someone right off the bat ?
Smile at him . let him catch you looking at him . maybe wink at him then look away .
Yes and no it depends on the actual situation has she seen you before and likes you ?
Because most fat girls are ball busting bitches with too much self confidence .
Tell him to get over it !
Is strongly liking someone somewhere around twice your age a bad thing . ?
Some but not most that is wrong and discusting unless you are ugly
It hurts some women to the point that they wo n't have sex with him , while others love it .
And sometimes it is just to dance .
Girls like that sort of attention .
But its not my kind of thing
Some girls take advantage of nice guys .
The man is married , and i have a boyfriend .
But my private is too smaller than you . is n't it . ?
I have a leather whip at home . never used it though . lol .
And it puts the ball in his court for the next move : ) good luck
If you are just hanging out , then you should n't .
Have a schlong like Tommy Lee .
Hey , I have an idea . ask your mom .
I just which it was the ever way around .
He always promise to do things that he know he will never do .
It keeps you from having kids befor you need them .
I know it sounds sappy , but it works !
Make out with classy guys that will not vampire your neck
My suggestion is that you just keep finding ways of talking to him .
Are n't you laying it on a little thick ?
Are we playing 20 questions , this could be fun , LOL
He is so sxy you like him more than everybody
Oh , and always best , make the first move , we think its really sweet !
But i do not know how to tell him or even if i should ? ? ?
But for you it may be diffrent ! !
Lol . atleast you have the balls to ask . umm . read up on some kama sutra . it teachs you how . it works too .
I do n't think there is any one killer bullett !
Leave that to a doc or someone else .
Omg , what else could we read here ?
He makes fun of you , bugs you , and hangs out with you
Yes , cheating is wrong , no matter what .
So I DO NOTHING AND STAYING WITH HIM BUT CA N'T BELIVE THAT HE LIE ON ME ! ! !
Do n't be afraid to ask your partner what he likes , or to tell him what YOU like !
What the best you do can about that . ?
Do I tell her ( I think she might be interested ) ? Or do i leave it alone .
No matter how long your in a relationship now .
Because they do not think with their heads they think with their d icks !
Good luck and Happy Birthday to your brother !
That she wants to dance . duh . lol well , it could honestly mean a lot of things .
Why does he keep calling me telling me he misses me ? ? ?
I find men with self confidence to be sexy .
Do Not FORGET TO CHOOSE AND VOTE FOR BEST ANSWER ! ! !
Could downgrade her see here here and there and date others .
You do not want to see your gf cry
I do n't think it matters , really .
Only thing is that girls date for relationships and some guys do n't .
Do n't just keep silent pretending you are happy in this relationship .
Try to know if he really loves you or not .
( just until you  are ready to give it to him ) . mmmmmmmmmmmm messed up i know , but it 's the truth .
If I did n't like to be with them I would n't .
I mean be wise , clever and careful and do not get laid into traps .
If that does n't work , then have a mutual friend ( who KNOWS ) to explain it to her .
Yeah.absolutely.did something stupid too to fulfill it.ahhh .
- You ca n't imagine your life without him/her .
Even though it does n't or never did belong too them .
Just take it slow , you do not have to marry the guy tomorrow !
He later asked me , do you mind if we cuddle ?
( and kiss him in some corner if all goes well . )
Do you think he will call me after it happens .
But for my money , I find brunettes a lot more attractive .
Trust ME IT ANINT WORTH IT .
I agree with all this answer and i ca n't tell anything bec they tolled you every thing
Not just a chat room but a dateing site .
Hell probly start looking 4 some1 who will love him .
But white man do n't love black women .
I  will give them the message for ya ; - )
YOU have to earn you are way up there . be nice to everyone !
Good LUCK AND I HOPE YOU FIND THE RIGHT GIRL FOR YOU AND REMEMBER BE MATURE AND BE YOURSELF ! !
Both , because it would work out better .
You really do n't have to love people , you just have to respect them .
If it was the right guy , you would know
Does he take you out in public ?
Wait until you know how you feel .
If that person is the one that hurt you the answer is NO !
In FORNT OF THE GUY YOU LIKE IN A RAISED VOICE.LET HIM OVER HEAR YOU .
It gets better and easier , I promise .
Plus you get a tax cut .
And everyone is stupid about love so you are not just the only one .
I look at behinds , chests , flys ; ) .
If she really likes you , then she will give you a sign .
There are plnty of men out there .
If HE LOVES YOU IT  WILL SHOW .
How do i get a girl ? ?
Or a special dinner at a nice restaurant .
Oh you meant sex RULES !
Girl why did you say no ?
Maybe YOU JUST NEED TO TRY TO WORK YOUE PROBLEMS OUT INSTEAD OF LEAVING ONE ANOTHER .
Tell him . maybe he feels the same way and is afraid to bring it up .
Is it ok for your hubby to play golf when he feels like it ?
We had some lone time ourselves so we just chat .
But you just have to do it while you are under their roof .
After TWO MORE MEETINGS W/ HER DO THE SAMETHING , BUT GO FURTHER , CHANCES ARE YOU WILL SCORE .
If you all have known each other for a while she could just want you
Never mind what I just said .
Depends if she 's hot or not .
On one hand our bodies tell us to go , go go !
Tell her that you think its best you both move on .
Experience is nice in women too : )
Break alls coz you are not favour with them
3. look for bunch of dudes talking to each others and choose the guy you like , total freedom ! ! !
Everyone wants me for one thing and that is sex .
Men do n't like to loose and having sex is the ultimate goal .
No whi you love is who you love .
Not many excuses here as to what he is doing .
Definitely impossible to swallow . but yet they want you to !
I keep at an arms lenght but he barges in
And then , if you can , ask him out to a casual date with friends .
I hope she/he is cool too .
We have nothing we do not talk about .
I am afraid that m - - - will not be friends with me if i am not friends with b - - - .
It 's not an issue of her leaving her husband , more like someone to be friends with .
I do n't have his social life in my face all the time .
If when he calls & you see its him do you light up ?
! And then you can relaxx and enjoy ! !
When he says he Loves You with out saying a word .
You ca n't rush love . and you ca n't make it exist if its not there .
He and my cousin had a really nice time at the prom !
When any girl looks at me like that , ( even if I do n't like her ) I feel flattered .
But , yeah , he probably likes you .
I THINK IF YOU LIKE HER AN DSHE LIKES YOU IT DOSNT MATER
I would think you are a ho .
I feel that i  will be the better option pathania_savvy2000 @ yahoo.com
If you are in a serious relationship now then do n't do it .
So i beleive that you can love someone with out hurt .
It seems like he 's playing with you .
No ring on your finger right ?
And also i like woman who gives me challanges , a woman who is indepedent
Its when you dream about him and ca n't picture your life without them .
What should I do , at my wits end
Ask him when the next day of school you have off is . lol .
Maybe you are going after the wrong guys and not acceppting the ones that come after you
Do n't pull your wifebeater up and rub your fat belly .
Best of luck with the guy . And sure he likes you . damn i 'm jealous . ; - ) .
I know one guy and that is me .
Search in differnt palces clubs , parties , .
Lol girl , there are TONS of guys who dig big girls .
It takes a lot of nerve , depending on your age , to ask someone to dance , so be nice !
Just put it all out on the table . what do you have to lose . Got ta take a chance sometime .
But it matters not what I believe what it is to be .
Then your gon na wan na leave your family and run off 2 cancun with this guy .
And I know it 's easier said than done .
Never do it . for either of you !
Being overseas is a great opprotunity do n't blow it
Good luck , sounds like a match .
And guess what , I 'm a girl .
But I ca n't see myself rubbing chest with someone whose got tits as big as mines .
2. go to a place where you can find dudes ( dudes are everywhere , go anywhere , that 's easy ! ! )
Some gals can really make you crazy .
And you are just now thinking of marraige .
Once you find it just keep pluggin ' away at it - and before you know it YOU  ARE COMING ! ! !
No sorry you have no chance only if he wants sex then he will go with you
Whoa whoa whoa . That is such a generalization .
Depends on how old they are .
I found her in the newspaper !
Chalk IT UP TO LEARNING , MOVE ON .
Yes , some guys like tomboys , some do n't .
If the one is an animal , then its no !
I hope that i help you !
Virginity until marriage wo n't guarantee happiness through marriage .
Do n't play hard to get just yet .
Quite sour , acidic & tastes yucks !
You seriously need to check your grammar .
He 's just wrong for doing whatever he 's been doing and not buy food , he is just WRONG !
Yes , it 's even harder when you ca n't find them but they  are right there .
My mom is jelaus of my wife .
YOU mean come ? my girlfriend sez it tastes like eggs , mixed with salt and vanilla .
1 ) by their shoe size 2 ) on the index finger the distance between the first and second nuckles .
Hope you  will give this some serious thought before you go there !
I have to lie to see my ( boy ) friend .
God 's got someone out there for you !
And if he says no , it 's no big deal - it 's just coffee , so it 's not embarrising .
Its like torture knowing she  will never be with me
I Am just cool to hang with
Well , i think that the age where you should not have a child is like 40+ .
And obviously big boobs n a nice a $ $ .
Go for the goal ; do n't quit at the halfway point !
Or they do not mind because they also get what they want .
Totally wrong , in my opinion even teens sex is wrong , and adults premarital sex is wrong
Well first is it your friend or is it you ?
Maybe your stupid for giving them what they only want .
Or is is it that you do n't know how to make one ?
I Would have just bit the bullet and said HELL YEAH I  WILL BE YOUR GIRLFRIEND !
But we always want what is not good for us .
I have n't - if you particularly mean YAHOO !
I sorry i did n't tell him what i truely felt for him .
Depends on how well your mom knows you .
I just did n't want him to get the wrong idea
He proble is cheating on you
It has lots of naked people in it .
If you do n't , then do n't bother .
Get plastic wrap and rubber bands if you  are so full of yourself .
I do not know but id like to know the answer to this ?
Say I care about you deeply .
Do n't pretend to be somebody just to please us guys .
If they both really like each other then they could come to an agreement
Seriously this question is only for guys , i do not want girls to even read it .
Word of advice from experience NEVER DATE ANYONE FROM WORK !
Good Luck and keep reminding yourself , ' I deserve better than this jerk. ! ! '
Go for a special ride somewhere .
They fall in love with everyone they have sex with .
Beautiful women like Pam Anderson marry freaks like her ex-husband .
Guy above me 's got the right idea
All the ones at Hooters do .
Do THAT ONE NIGHT , AND LEAVE IT ALONE .
Play more between rounds , she will like it also .
So better get a good grip on it and use it more often !
Hmmm . Well if you love your boyfriend that much , your fling would n't be an issue .
I think we hit it of straight away .
I do n't love him and want him back .
I was mad and i yelled at him .
Mabe she dosent push you on things that she would normally be upset about because her mind is preoccupied .
But it does because problems in most marriages . get some professional help . soon
If he cares hell under stand
Humor your friend , get her drunk and you can pick which one you want or both .
I used yahoo personals to meet my husband ! ! !
Hey , how come that you like someone that know you at all ? ?
Unless of course your married , then the only thing for me would be forgiveness .
I seriously like the name Chris though : - )
YOU do n't have 2 change at all .
It 's a kind of a test sometimes
Why not a guys a guy no matter who he likes plus you could talk to them about guys
The biggest mistake is rushing a woman for sex .
That does n't mean he wants to be buddies .
Does he llke me or am i just hot to him ?
If you ask her to have sex and she agrees , then that is what you are looking for !
Your best freind is who youare married to or shuld be
Why everybody say only bad about you ? ? ? ?
3 ) Maybe they just do not like you .
{ Hey at least she had the limo } Lesson : Do n't try to take something you ca n't afford to loose .
K everyone calls me either a blonde or brunette so i ca n't take sides .
Where 's the fun in not showing off your talent ?
Be nice to everybody always and maybe the love will return .
If mentally and phsically able to support there selves .
Just forget that you are shy or not handsome .
You just answered your own question .
I do n't think so not if he had an affair .
Stay until you know it 's over and when you leave , do n't go back ! ! !
You did n't ask for an explanation , did you ?
Everyone worked and education was not very important
If someone did not respect you then you would not fall in love with them .
If a girl does n't like 2 dance then she ca n't dance obviously .
5 days . and it was a peck on the cheek 1st and i was floored
P.s i think she really did give it back to me still .
Well did he/ she ask him out and he said yes . or what ?
If someone did not respect you then you would not fall in love with them .
If a girl does n't like 2 dance then she ca n't dance obviously .
5 days . and it was a peck on the cheek 1st and i was floored
P.s i think she really did give it back to me still .
Well did he/ she ask him out and he said yes . or what ?
YOU need to find the right man 4 you on you are the 1st time .
My wife says she does n't like sex to be long .
Remember , the truth will set you free
Nobody just stops loving somebody else , even if they say they do n't anymore .
Just find the thirst in your guy and have a nice sleep with him .
Talk normal with him , just because you like him does not mean you ca n't be friends first
But if you think they are you are prob right .
I believe that is so sick to happen
And likes that i like sports and has a soft side but a hard side to
If you set down and talk and they say No do you get angry ?
Well the biggest whore i know . she normaly wears jeans , a tee , and a hoodie if its cold out .
And then you go look for him , which is even playing more into his game .
You look like a guy . nope I 'm not interested
Do you know any of his exes ?
Does it mean she likes you or just want to dance ?
Is your wife actually having the big O during sex ?
If you want her that bad , Sh * t go to the wedding and stop it midshow .
Hum what is the question again ?
Because I 've seen reports of 9 year olds becoming pregnant .
A really bad song by Haddaway .
First get to know him and see what he likes before wondering if likes you !
I think that if you really love the guy you do not care about the size at all
Another thing , doing it over the phone or on line is being a coward .
Is it because your friend has had no sex for a year ?
First of all , do you want sex now ? ?
Let him make up his mind .
And if he did n't look like a prune and was healthy why not
Just do n't let people take advantage of you .
So , yeah , it 's REALLY hard to deal with .
Try - yahoo personals or americansingles
Join school finish next level , find better carreers , take a vacation meet me i can use a loyal woman .
This is the best for a guy
If you  are a woman : I do n't know the answer .
YOU can just be like yea being single has its ups and its downs .
You ARE TOO GOOD FOR HIM ! !
Start flirting , and be in control of every step you take ahead in this process . Best of luck !
Yeah email me i like it jk
If you  are a woman : I do n't know the answer .
You ARE TOO GOOD FOR HIM ! !
Start flirting , and be in control of every step you take ahead in this process . Best of luck !
Yeah email me i like it jk
They do n't choose to be gay or lesbian .
You can even send her pictures anonamously if you do not feel comfy telling her in person .
I think when he kind of flirts with me i really do not know
Yes i would if i was in to this person and like them alot i would oh !
Depends if they are good looking or not .
He just brushed me hair w/ his hand and pat my back gently .
Stop eating twinkies or if you are good looking and have big breastisis then show them off
Obviously you loved her once and got married .
I went out with this guy who out of no where stopped calling me .
If , you cheat on him then you are truly not the one for him .
Now he kind of thinks you like him .
They always fall lor the wrong guy .
If you are asking , then you are probally too small .
Like to wear it during sex !
And if she does not do anything about just be there for her when she does find out .
I do not think that it was worth it in the long run
Be your self and do not be shy
Maybe you  will find better guy to love and he  will do the same without leaving you. haha !
Sure , why not . ( that is if you  are over 21 )
I was friends with him at first b/c I felt bad for him .
I like a smart funny an pretty is always a plus
Go w/ what your gut says and you will be fine .
That was a a crazy joke we played yesterday huh ?
Bacause ther gay pr a lezbian
I would be better if you state you are age ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Action speaks alot louder than words
Go window shopping of what you guys want for your future house .
Me myself i would'nt do it , you 've only knew him for 6 months .
Seth green , kind of took me a while to notice it though .
Becuase they want to have sex
Hmm , yea in both the good and bad way .
Love IS LIKE WHEN YOU CA N'T STOP THINKIN OF THAT PERSON .
Depends what is the catch , sk8r dude wants to know
Guys hurting grrs , grrs hurting guys .
Flirt and look for the cutest
Fin dthe cool guy and go around him . bco ' z now a dys pair looks charming than singles
Yeah , unfortunately i have to admit this generality .
That is soo wrong , i do not pin her down , but still give you are man some sex ! !
Are you sure you do not want one ?
It depends on what he likes
Snap your fingers at her when you tell her No way girl .
Tell her , and see what happens
Acts kind of shy but not really .
Its not worth getting mad over .
I 'm gon na say no , since you seem not to be looking .
They want you to look like a fool .
Holla at me and talk to me about you please !
Well i have been told alot of different way on how to tell .
I do not even care if she wears it - whatever makes her happy is fine with me .
But the answer to that is no .
Most PRECIOUS GIFT YOU CAN GIVE TO YOUR HUSBAND .
Not always , but you should exercise caution
Some people do think that , but i do n't .
Even here in canada i reli do not think that they will allow young teenagers to buy a condom .
You  will look bad if he still has a girlfriend , though .
If YOU HAVE TO BE EITHER WHY HAVE IT
In my opinion , the biggest penis , ( also known as a 'DICK ' ) , is most likely Osama Bin Ladin !
Kiss her that is always a very good start
Just be yourself around him , and only tell him you love him if he tells you first .
Because come on , once you have had one how can you not like it ?
Move on you do not need him and he do not deserve you .
Three days ago i fell and hurt my ankle .
Hey speedy , word of advice . Stop now .
Do you think i should go .
Since you have to ask probebly not yours or your mans ! ! !
I called him 10 times and he did n't return my call .
It is like riding a bike sweetie . you definitely will not ' forget how .
( IE : Seeing # 2 without # 1 knowing . )
. i then learned nothing is ever certain , so be careful
If you start fooling around with him and it just does not feel right stop .
Just give her the tip and if things are n't going alright by that point find someone else
Why do single men have sex with married women ?
You wo n't have to worry about it anymore .
Maybe she loves you in her own way .
For starters just talk to him why does it seem so hard to talk ?
YOU can say . Hey , How you doin !
Hey i guess we all have some wierdness in us ! ! ! ! !
I 'm smart , fun to be around but nobody likes me
Depends on eric and his situation
So I guess I do not notice .
If it is your current guy , stick with him and try to forget the other guy .
Once he even pined me to the bed and said if you love me you will do this .
Fo real girls are gon na read this just because it tells us not to ! ! !
No , they do n't like you at all .
And your di ck stands up and you can not get it down .
Tell him that he ca n't afford you !
Haveing sex while coked up that is the best
A girl whith a lot of curves and big boobs
If he only interested in sex then you can wait .
First off : trust what barbnefer has said ( this person gives EXCELLENT advice ) .
That 's simple give flowers and candy and just be yourself .
I  would only consider him if he quit .
First you  would have to define bad marriage .
Probably always a liar , but not always a cheater .
So one day i crapped in her shoe .
Jacket is okay , but leave open . do not zip it up .
Then if he feels the same way about you ask him if he would like to hang out sometime !
Same with my girlfriend she only gives it when she wants too ! !
If you do n't use it in a LONG LONG LONG time you will forget it .
You Are never gon na get a girl if you are gon na chicken out ! ! !
Confront her in a controled way .
I would do it.GO FOR IT ! !
I feel for you my love just had a baby on Thursday .
A woman does n't want a whiny guy .
That is a great way to piss off a female quick .
Most i 've done is dance w/ one @ a straight club .
Yes to all but being bi . no
Alot of them do n't like but loving .
Whether he is my friend or foe .
Tell her you love her & you ca n't live without her .
Get off your computer and GET OUT THERE .
Cross dresser a guy who dresse up like a girl .
Lots of love and luck ahead .
Wonderful , your love will be so romantic
Tell them about the other ones . that  will do it pretty fast !
On Da Internet . cuz I gots The Internet Going Nutz ! ! ! ! !
If love is not blind , this wo n't happen .
And yes the guy makes the first move .
Yes , especially nowadays with stds as bad as they are .
When you guys are n't sexin ' what 's his conversation like ?
If you have a really good guy friend then ask him .
She just happened to make the mistake of calling one day when she was home . BUSTED ! ! !
Think about the way he said it to you and then you will know how he meant it .
Not to be blunt , but I hope you did n't give it up .
All i can say is that i moved 1000 miles away .
If you have to ask then your probably not in love !
If SHE HAS N'T PULLED AWAY FROM YOU BY THIS POINT , CHANCES ARE SHE 'S ATTRACTED TO YOU .
! IF YOU WANT THAT MOMENT TO BE SPECIAL , STOP PLANNING IT & LET IT HAPPEN ( IT WILL )
Tell what you like girls to do when making out , what she should do with her hands , etc .
Then all hell would break loose , and he kick butt .
Just find anything to ask him .
No it just means you are starting out good
You know , the guy always does n't have to make the first move .
A lot of girls seem to resist touching guys .
I think that you are weird
Hell its not what she wears .
Show them that you are interested in marrage and then it will happend : )
I would n't want to have it until i 'm married
Ladies feel free to leave a list
Do Not throw your life and yourself away because you want to be in love with some spoiled insecure women .
Hold ON , WAIT A MINUTE , how can you fall in love with someone on the internet .
Yes I 'M MARRIED TO ONE CAN WE RELOCATE TOGETHER ?
1 ) get a divorce 2 ) think about the kid .
It SOUNDS LIKE YOU JUST LIKE THE S & M STUFF
As long as you  are not the only guy in the place , it means she probably likes you : )
Unless you guys are friends , then its okay to initiate it .
Lem me see . you did say EX_BOYFRIEND did you not ?
Lol what are you waiting for ?
Actually , I still ache for her . ( And yes , I 'm a female . haha )
Well - several years ago , i shaved my head .
What if it were her talking to guys ?
Best way is give a taste of her own medicine talking is so overated now revenge is best !
No longer has value , everything could be the same for all you care . .
No once you look outside the box , it is too hard to find your way back !
He will flirt , like poke you or something , or smile at you .
Yes I like to toot my own horn , I love me .
Get EXTRA SMALL LATEX GLOVES POWER FREE .
No longer has value , everything could be the same for all you care . .
No once you look outside the box , it is too hard to find your way back !
He will flirt , like poke you or something , or smile at you .
Yes I like to toot my own horn , I love me .
Get EXTRA SMALL LATEX GLOVES POWER FREE .
What i did when i got married .
His eye contact , his way of talking etc .
Damn you fine girl . or guy . or whatever . lol
Opinion : tight fitting jeans green no jackets
Well is it wrong to cheat in genral .
If you ask her to let you kiss her , she  will say no .
When I first read your question , I thought , RIGHT ON !
No not at all and sex does not last over time BUT LOVE will
My brothers b-day is coming up and i have no idea what to get him .
Then you could have sex with any and everyone and it would not matter .
I like Blonde guys . but right now I 'm with an orange haired guy
Or you can just straight up cum of the cut and say i am single what is your status ?
Some guys might lie to get you in bed and once they do they just forget .
But always say it with a smile .
If you want a sure thing though , find a Jewish guy .
Someone with very sexy clothing and is in heat
Just be yourself and keep your grades up and in 10 years see who 's cool then ! !
Some girls will do anything for the guy !
Do n't keep it for to long - we are getting older
Definately when it feels right not becuase you feel you should
You get to know people the best in casual settings .
Then you discuss the matter later
Definately when it feels right not becuase you feel you should
You get to know people the best in casual settings .
Then you discuss the matter later
Why sit there and wait for him to see you move on .
Go join a Bball team or something .
But you jus have to wait patiently , when the time comes you will have the right one .
What I do is get evrything as straight as I can .
Be able to put up with ME ! ! !
That depends . what kind of a girl is she ?
YOU should go out with a guy you like and that likes you back .
If he is THE ONE , he  would quit for me .
Hey dude . For every ten no 's you will get one yes
On his neck would n't be any different .
Its been happily aver after since !
Have a romantic dinner , if he still resists then you have a problem .
Never be the first to say it . let the guy do it .
Play it easy , and maybe wait a little
Or they might hate the guy and want to screw his life up .
Use tounge , but PLEASE do n't slober all over her chin !
She means if you want a kiss , just kiss her without letting her know you  are going to .
Don ; t you want to find a nice girl no matter what she is ?
At first it was getting to know each other and then kissing comes later .
Do IT I WISH THE WOMEN IN MY LIFE WOULD HAVE HOOKED ME UP WITH THAT SH ! T
Write single in big bold letters on your forehead . worked for me
Omg ! . she did n't mind our 9-year-friendship . what will i do ? ?
Hope this helps and is n't too harsh .
How calm you do not believe him ?
Also I GUESS IT WOULD DEPENT ON YOUR HEALTH.GOOD LUCK
Well it depends on a lot of things .
But i do not know how to ask him if he wants to give it a second chance .
Love do n't Cost a thing Go out watch it and then get some ideas from there .
I only know the mean way to say it , but say thanks , haha n smile .
But , first thing 's first , pack up your stuff and LEAVE !
I did n't until you mentioned it !
The younger they are , the more bad boys they want .
It 's like she only talks to me when things are going wronge with her .
If your an adult , age simply should'nt matter
Add more details what you want to use ?
It worked on my own friend
Somewhere out there is a guy asking How do I find a wife .
Day 1 is ok with me .
Then you guys can afford more things
But if I was him I would not marry ya ether without one .
When YOU ALL START TALKIN LAUGH ALOT !
I mean i love the one in jail .
And it goes as far as my dad did but it took him 15 years to do .
I would have had enough of him tell me or else !
In Yuma . Good luck with that one .
He 's either goin to love you bcuz he loves you or he 's not going to love you at all .
So its nothing wrong with being friends right after .
Well there should be huh : - ) ( I AM A GUY TOO ) I am pretty sure there would be .
I not tring to be mean .
It comes down to too things are you marring him for Love or Money ? ! ? ! ?
Do Not do it .it will only because problems promise .
If he really loves you then he will not worry about sex .
( you  are supposed to be laughing here friends .
Diamonds are a girl 's best friend : )
Try being his friend first and see what it leads up to
I Am no expert , but i do not think manual trannys have ecus .
If you want my oppinion , yes .
( i am a father of 3 little girls and suddenly find myself hating guys )
Just say , hey , what 's going on ?
You do not want to do that !
( A lot of the best ones do n't post pictures ) .
Sweetie there is n't one there seriously you are so dumb
Got drunk and had sex with his daughters .
Maybe if you are in the same school .
Say you love him now and if and when you do you will not b lieing n e more .
Then , go back to the store without him and pick up the one thing he liked the best .
The most expensive thing was the preacher .
Whatever the fight was about , it 's best 2 completely solve , so as not 2 start another fight later on .
Probably because you are pissing him off .
And if they do n't approach you , say hi
Next time try something like : girls wan na chat ? ?
Stuff like that can get someone hurt .
So if they are n't in tune with you and do n't care enough to try then give it up .
YOU cannot get cool friends you have them !
No . not unless you want to walk around confused .
You simply say Hey , what 's up ?
! but think before you cum to any conclusion . is it really worth it ?
So go on with your life and if he comes back , then you know what you want .
My wife gave me oral sex two days after !
Most guys are bluntly obvious about girls so hang in there
I tryed over and over to get her to leave , she would n't .
Click the link below . its not something you can eat i think .
No - i try to not have any kind of relationship with them
This is mainly for the older folks or the ones who knows there gon na get married .
Do n't EVER sh1t where you eat man .
This WILL SHOW HER THAT YOU  ARE NOT IN A RUSH .
Those chocolate with mint kisses are pretty good .
It will always be somewhere in yr heart .
Do n't let people fool you honey !
Lift your head up and carry on like the woman you are !
And if you must drull , do not let him see you do it.good luck !
Ask a plastic surgeon to make one for you .
No DOUBT ABOUT THAT , that is f * ckin abvious
: ) Now its been 5 years later and we  are married !
But that does n't mean they do n't exist .
Even if he feels embarassed to talk with you about that issue , hey !
It was getting late so i fell asleep on his living room .
Get back together , then dump her .
Do n't do it just think about it
Even better wait til you are married !
Can you stand if she is not good looking ?
Your friends are just trying to show you their side , it seems like they already know yours .
Well i would tell you , but that can land me in prison
YOU just have 2 trust in him if you really like him .
Or does he only call when he wants the booty ? ?
You CA N'T REALLY TELL MOST OF THE TIME
Oh yeah . if you do n't get it out and get it moving it will become moldy and taste really bad
Or are you like 15 years old
It 's tough , but hang in there .
These DAYS MEN ONLY LOOKS AT TOP AND BOTTOMS OF A WOMEN
Can you do it with me .
Its tough for guys that are unexperienced with girls to make eye contact .
Let 's Get It On - Marvin Gaye I 'm Gon na Love You - Barry White ( forget everything after that )
A girl should love YOU 4 who YOU R if she do n't move on she a n't worth it .
Then FINALY WHEN I TURNED 13 I FOUND THE PERFECT SOLUTION TO MY PROBLEM .
Been there done that from both sides .
If you think they do , then you are wrong .
We , both staying in a working women hostel room .
If ya got ta ask that in here you have serious problems of one sort or another . go see a shrink
So your mind is gon na play with you , ya know .
I do n't know what to do , what you think
But I could n't go with her .
Tell him what is going on . all the mundane , boring details !
Wet it and if it curls add some gel and your off
Yes some but some might not .
First love is , your first love .
If you are happy with them , make sure they do not find out .
That depends on how old you are . but i say where and when you least expect it
I would have to say yes and i know am not the onlyone that thinks that way .
I go for a guys personality .
When hes actin different or always buggin you
Dog style with high heels on the girl
That way if the condom breaks , then it would n't be as bad .
Why would you even do that ? ?
My advice , is do n't start anything your gon na regret later .
But hey , its not my life .
I will have in which ever position .
One minute you could be happy the next depressed and wanting to kill urself .
Not really all people can change no matter what you 've done
Honestly girls are b itches we just use pms as an excuse ! !
Gal w/ lower grader than the guy is always possible . it 's normal
First , marry whoever the hell you  are going to marry .
You SEE LIKE A SENSIBLE GUY , SO DO NOT DO IT .
When HES AROUND , TELL YOUR GIRLFRIEND OR SOMEONE YOU KNOW AROUND YOU , THAT YOU ARE SINGLE AND LOOKING .
I was on there today and they pinned down my personality and the things i like in men .
For YEARS I LOOK AT EVERY STORE AND TRIED LOOKING UP ALL SORTS OF WEB SITES .
Keep your head up and eyes open .
But most popular girs have such a messed up life outside of school .
I Am still trying to figure that out but i guess you just keep talkin and see where it goes .
Actually most women i know are less patient that me or my friends
* shaking my head * No way jose .
Do n't let your emotions down , embrace it .
Ha that is a really good question .
They say that to not hurt you are feelings
! maybe you do not eel the same way he feels for you ask yourself
If YOU HAVE AN UNDERSTANDING BOYFRIEND TELL HIM AND ASK WHAT SHOULD YOU DO .
Most of them make it obvious so if it looks like he likes you , he probably does .
Tell her to break-up with him !
Usualy , unexperienced girls likes to play although they know exactly what they want .
If he do n't feel the same his loss .
It is n't like I do n't know .
But THAT is something she 's got to do .
) , be honest with her . gentle maybe , but honest .
YOU realy do not know How You Are .
Yes those : just make you look so much older !
Breakups is the hardest but you will eventually get over it .
Just another poser masochist begging for attention on the net guys , ignore him
Think that there are still many guys out there willing to have a realtionship .
Since then he did n't even call me to find out how iam doing .
Easy to get in & out .
That is not love . good luck : )
Rule number one , never date at work .
Yes a little but not by every gil that walks by well maybe every girl
I met a grrr on the net , she is mean to me and I like it !
It 's not good sex if she does n't orgasm .
Well see if he looks at you alot and wants to talk to you alot .
Some people keep going after it 's clear that it just wo n't work anymore .
A long distance relationship is one of two people who live far away , even if you see him , yes .
It mayb hard b/c you have 2 think . does he really love you ? ?
Tell him to kiss and rub AROUND your stuff , but not directly on it after your first Big O .
If not tell him you are pregnant , See what he says .
Oneday he came out and ask me did i like him i did n't say anything i just smile .
That would solve the whole problem .
Remember , there are plenty of fish in the sea = )
If you like my answer vote it best .
You are your own online friend .
You better back off my man !
It was not untill i found the one that i did not need to fill any hole 's that i got married .
But there is never a dull moment that is for sure !
Should i just stay single forever ?
Because they choose to b & b-cuz they do n't like P * * * *
Steak & potatoes Chicken & rice Pizza Spaghetti Beef stew
Hell YEEEAAAAAHHHH . but its the best wen your doing it wit a fine female . OH YES
As 4 showing his you love him , just show him that you are there 4 him and care .
Oh , yeah . do n't stare at him .
When you feel ready to have kids , you should do it .
Even if he was n't the one , a guy that considers quitting FOR ME would be incredibly sweet .
For the other with out expecting too being pay off later .
In brief let him hate you and send me back if it succeeded
Sorry sweetheart but not all guys cheat .
Its TRUE HE LIKES YOU IF HE THINKS YOUR HOT.IF HES NOT A GOOD GUY YOU WILL KNOW .
It  would not be my first choice of places for him to be hanging out though , that is for sure !
I guess your still not over here .
I would not be upset , seen one set seen them all , right ?
I will go for the twist .
Well i do that to my bf but i just do that b/c i am very sarcasic
Just be yourself and after a while hell see that your true to him
If a guy likes you , he will let you know !
Sometimes dat can be 4 da best
It does not matter how they are packaged . We are just SEXIER . * kisses *
No its completely normal , i am a guy so i should know
And the person confronted me on wednesday .
If you are single . keep it that way .
I do n't even hate gay people .
Ehh , all I need is a little hole with some heat in there . ya know what I mean ?
Play WITH YOU ARE HAIR AND SMILE ( BUT NOT FAKE SMILE ) ! !
Yes there is more then 1 right person for everyoe
Look deep into his eyes he ll understand !
We want everything , good personality , good brain , good look , everything ! ! ! !
I 'm set for disappointment , i know ; ) so there you have your answer
I like that name Chris , so marry him !
Take a guy 's shoe size , add two , then divide by two .
Laugh at the things she teases you about .
They have to also be your best friend
Well she told the other person .
Hmmmmmmm.its not really my style , but that is just my opinion.its pretty good though .
Do you think i have chance with a 9th grader i am in the 7th grade
How about you meet one and see if you two fall in love , then maybe think about marriage !
It 's like nature power motivating you are romance for specific person , sometimes i called Blind Love
Hi , it 's not what anyone else says .
Ok IF YOU LIKE HIM TRY IT OUT .
! I would dump him down the drain ! ! !
I have questioned him about cheating ( which I know he has ! )
Or you could just totally break it off .
You look for guys that only want you for sex .
Tell her that your always there for her no matter what .
I would like think things could change but i do n't think i could forget .
I feel even worse for Jennifer now that they 've announced they  are pregnant !
Probably the shock that scraping the bottom of the barrel did n't even work for them ! !
From a guys point of view !
Unlike in telling stuff to friends or family members , there 's tension if they do n't like what they hear .
If she was n't good enough for you in the first place why would she come crawling back ?
False because life is n't fair at least that 's what is everybody says
If you  are 13 . do not worry about love now . you get to grow up and find someone
What I will tell you is this REAL men are fantastic and are nothing like that .
All i can say is relax and enjoy your wife , , , and let her enjoy you
I feel so depressed and I ca n't get my mind off of him .
I 'm doing it but i 'm looking for someone who does n't .
So then from that there like she  will do anything i want , since she likes me so much .
Or you can tell of the friends of the guy or girl
His face will not glow ing thw dark .
At least I  would like ot think so !
Well if he bein bad to you DO NOT !
He has feelings too , do n't play with him .
Either tell him you want him or you do n't .
So maybe you should just figure out what makes you happy .
I would say pursue it and see where it goes .
Well if he allways stares at you alot there 's a start .
You can get her in dream . !
I do n't know if he likes me or if he jus wants sex .
Well if he 's way older forget it . but jus be out w/ it .
1. wear sexy outfit ( its better to wear nothing at all ! ! )
And do n't decide what average is by looking at porn .
Hey look at all the Greek statues !
Did he say yes or no .
Hold her neck with soft hands and kiss her on the back of her ear
They want make out with you maybe even S * * and then leave you there for another girl !
( though not all ) Bugs me to the core .
It all depends on how much you like this guy and how much you know him .
Make sure somebody filmes it because it 's gon na be hell of funny to watch on tape .
Girls get a lot of attention they do n't want .
The issues that come along might be bigger then your booty ; - )
She either feel in love with her ex again or you were an extreme jerk .
Just wait until she is in love with you maybe until you are married to have sex ! ! !
Well just have someone else buy them for you
An honest answer to that is , no .
Get him to get a condom ?
If you just let if all flow .
Do you see what I 'm saying at all ?
I 'm single but i have a guy friend that i can kiss .
Your heart is going to break one way or the other .
Ya the only way he is going to know is tell him .
No dumb chicks either , stupid girls are passe .
Why would you ever do that ?
That you  are not getting from your boyfriend .
Not completely drunk but a lil tipsy .
I have no idea what the hell you just said !
You cannot give up you got ta try different things but most likely be yourself !
You  will know it when you find it .
Oh but that 's a good one .
Leave it alone there is nothing worst then two female fighting over some guy .
Do the things you always wanted to but could not because you were married
A man who likes to dress in womens clothing
Yes he really does sounds like good one you have there
That the romance is chemical . or biological . its natural .
Yes we notice when a guy check us out !
Well you could start it by saying WHAT DO YOU THINK OF OUR RELATIONSHIP SO FAR ?
I even tried calling him and he does n't answer my calls .
Because if you have a positive attitude then that light in you shows
You could have whip cream or something that she/he likes
Yes and I love her and my children
Ask your doc if it 's a problem .
Alot of girls want someone that they can just hang out with and who will be there with .
So , if a girl over looks you for your social status than she is not worth it . Really .
Some men want a good girl , while others try to stay away from women with morals !
Sure its ok to have oral sex . and i 'm sure he  will enjoy it !
So , yes do help her she  will love you more for it .
You get him to know you then you really ahve a chance .
He wants a threesome with another dude .
My problem is . after the break up .
His other friends showed up later that night .
Have fun making one anyways- Good Luck ! ! !
When she gives you head after you DEMAND it
I would give him a good talking to !
Watch a dirty movie and get raunchy .
The guy needs to pull back , really .
Why would any married man want to go see any other woman naked besides his wife ?
Grl , just do what you got to do !
Because , I feel something pulling me over here .
You WILL HAVE HER SHAKING BELOW ! ! ! !
The sooner its over the sooner everyone can learn to live with it and move on !
For some its just a matter of will power to get out and let things happen !
Bump'n'grind , knocking da boots , bubble pop electric
Guys just do n't know how lucky they are .
I used to play this shit with a girl I knew from a couple years back .
If he wants to spend time with you he probably likes you
Yeah , but not wgen some one is pushed aside
To ANY WOMAN NO MATTER HOW BEAUTIFULL SHE MAY BE .
You should ask her straight up .
I GUESS IT DEPENDS ON ALOT OF THINGS , THE OLDER THE MORE COMPLICATIONS .
Is is ok for your hubby to watch sports without nagging ?
Do you love him and does he love you back ?
But do not forget the highly sensitive area between a nus and the balls .
Be yourself , unless yourself is a loser .
If you ca n't spell it , you should n't be tasting it .
Yes it 's ok to still love your ex .
I do not know who that is
Have one long flirting conversation while doing something he likes .
Definately the kid , no question , at all !
Pic-nic at the park , free festivals ( look in your city 's website -there is always free stuff going on .
Does he avoid something he dislikes or is n't good at ?
You do n't wan na just kiss anybody .
And where is she right now in here life .
If he loves you he will wait for you .
Did you have sex with him ?
And I 've had a crush on him since 6th grade . and now we in tha 10 .
First of all , cut her off .
Now it varies , but I never go back to really fit .
If you know him real well then go for it , girl !
I think he has bigger issues ( excuse the pun ) then your booty .
Most WOMEN WO N'T MAKE THE FIRST MOVE , BUT THAT DOES N'T MEAN SHE DOES N'T WANT YOU TO .
And if you end up never falling n love with him break up .
I Have been the cheater and the person cheated on .
Love is blind but it sure seems to find its way around !
I think it is a bigger deal for us than for guys anyway !
It 's really normal to think of him and love him because you just do .
I need some help . do n't get me wrong thou . he look GOOD ! ! !
You are her freind , you need to tell her .
My sis is getting married to someone she met online
Tell him you love him with all you are heart
But if you really love him it will work itself out = )
So GOOD LUCK IN THE REAL WORLD !
So to easy his mind I brought this and it works .
Be very careful because you do not know who you are talking to most of the time .
Personal loans could be a good idea . otherwise . well . borrow !
And tell her how beautiful she is .
In my opinion . lucky girl you 've found your Mr .
Donot do it honey you kill your sprit by ding that .just try to forget him .
You are home-wreaker and you should be nervous .
Because you 've been looking at porn .
Love CAN MAKE YOU OR BREAK YOU .
And do n't change , because a guy might not like you !
Do I tell my Ex about this ?
I already went out with him but i really want to get back together .
This is kind of a given babe .
Omg that man is just WAY to sexy .
You love the person because of who he is and not who you want him to be .
If not you guys could always be friends
Then give him a nice compliment .
But you may have to get over it .
In english do you having Sex with your friends ?
If you mean close female friends that your wife knows because you introduced her ( right ? )
We still are n't friends like before but we speak to ea other .
Lol ( i know you asked about how to learn to kiss )
One of my friends is even gay .
I am still looking for the One , but he would be a man that likes me as I am .
Then I tapped the girl infront of me and asked her Hey , do you have a pencil by chance ?
If he asks you what 's wrong ?
So i accussed her of doing that .
Get it out there b 4 you lose a friend
I did not know how to react so i did not say anything .
If he is n't ready for a relationship w/ you I think you should give him some room .
You should go out with this guy just once , and see if you really do n't like him .
If you notice hes flirting past normal for him then you guys should talk .
Show her that you are a good man , and will make a good husband and father ! ! !
Hope you enjoy : ) lol jk
I think you should move on .
I want to join , but want to see what you guys think first .
And I Am sure he did not propose to your booty , right ?
Hoobastank - song To Be With You .
This is america we speak english ! ! !
Because it depends if they allow some young teenagers to buy condoms .
No , you need more than just sex , sex is too overrated !
All guys want a girl that makes their friends jealous .
Try to judge the guy 's intentions .
I myself am a big girl .
She told you it is okay to kiss her
Be loving , careing . and most IMPORTANTLY : BE YOURSELF ( NATURAL )
Best love is that which helps and makes you against worst
You do n't want some girl with your man .
Because the stranger does not know you well and can not judge you because of that .
Just go up and ask him out
A hickey is put there to show up !
I know that it is not easy but if you do not start now , when ?
I do n't understand girlz . why they cheat with true lover . ?
They always do , but sometimes pretend they do n't .
I mean just bcuz we break up do not mean we have 2 stop bieng cool .
Do Not FORGET TO CHOOSE AND VOTE FOR BEST ANSWER ! ! !
All is fair in love and war .
She want 's you to earn it .
May i suggest TWISTER It works great !
Why IS IT THAT THESE WOMEN HAVE SUCH AN EFFECT ON ME AS WELL AS MOST MEN
To have love for your ex
If I did n't like them I would n't be with them .
I LOVE nice guys , they have a sensitive side .
Just pick the public that likes it , do n't invite the ones that do n't .
Blondes are freaks everybody knows that
Well . it depends . does the one you like really likes you in return ?
Well you ca n't really do that unless he wants to love you .
Some women like the shy type .
If you tell him you do not love him it will hurt his feelings very bad .
Cuz she wants to go to the dance with you or maybe cuz she likes you .
Ask if he is and if he says no get an attitude .
Without loving yourself there is no way that you can truely love anyone or anything .
As far as the other thing , i do not know the guy .
Go see it when you get a chance .
Either way , trust me on this one , you will know when you are ready .
Oh YEAH JUST LIKE THE CAT WOMAN TAMING HER BEAST
Yes , and but bigger is not always better .
I got ta take you out suga .
He ANSWERD ME ( YOU  WILL BE THE LOSER ! ! ! ! )
Propose because you want to spend the rest of your life with her .
For the fun , we are so easy to get
Yes deep down inside there really looking for a relationship but will not admit it .
! . then wid who else cud you enjoy sex better ?
Yes , I like to be with sombody I like .
She IS CONSTANTLY ON YOU ARE MIND .
If not maybe you should n't get married .
Why am I even caring about celebrity love lives ?
For now , just have fun kissing and holding hands .
Drinking can bring he freak out in some one .
What you should care about is the money
I mean honestly . 'leve ' you 've got to be kidding
And we  are in the same boat ! !
If your 18 , try someone younger .
A simple explination is its just the way they are
Oh . and they want everything THEIR way .
There Is no way i  would let it happen .
Just look up my profile on yahoo .
And that 's just off the top of my head .
This girl that i like , Whenever i talk to her i feel like i say the wrong thing everytime .
Average I SIX , WHAT IF THE GUY WITH THIS KNOW 'S HOW TO USE IT , IS THAT OK ?
It was her favorite pair .
I Am sure every1 will say b honest .
Guys and girls can answer but plz state you are sex in the answer ! ^_^
Is it ok for your hubby to have female friends ?
Biopolar is when you are moods switch around a lot .
! . my messenger id is brmejiac , include me and .
But more of my male friends say it 's latex that does for them .
Does look matter THAT much to you ?
My mom was 35 when she had me , if you do n't feel like it do n't do it .
For the sake of embarrassment , DO N'T ASK HIM ! !
Because you cannot sleep with her without her permission other wise it 's rape .
Like others say education comes first !
Either he met friends he is just chatting with or he is up to no good .
We just always think it is .
Not to mention it could add hype to your sex life ! ! ! !
Okay , especially after you get married .
And let me guess , your the right guy ? ? ?
He 's single and you  are single so why not ?
If not , try getting to know him a little better , ask him about his love life . just hang out .
Enjoy : ) Source ( s ) : many many years of watching porn and playing with toys with my husband ( happily ! )
If you need help than talk me lat .
Tell her you want to be her everything .
It really depends . just think when they are going into college . how old do you want to be when that happens ?
I Am proof that opposites attract !
Oh some of them are really cool .
Hmm , no hard feelings after 3 years ?
I choose to spend my time hangin ' with the guys .
I have cheated on my husband .
Do it in the butt : )
And that he is the one that you whan to be with .
But i think it is as long as nobody gets hurt
Wait a minute men do it too !
Omg omg you r beautiful i love you WILL YOU MARRY ME ?
Not trying to hook up with this girl .
Poop has never flew outta their asses I guess .
Keep wishin because it is going to ruin your relationship .
I know what i am talking about .
Do N'T ASK A WOMAN FOR SEX ! ! ! ! !
It is hard for many guys . like guys that ca n't grow up , if that is the case find someone new .
There are some things that people will always see in a diffrent way , like politics , religion ect .
If you already went out with him and there 's no chemistry , then you  are wasting his time and yours .
Institute - Entire First Album Bush - All Bush albums !
Do n't go spreading your dirty germs everywhere , you are not solving the problem , just enhancing it .
Well juss get in a chat room or talk to me love_my_saddle @ yahoo.com
Just TELL HER HOW YOU FELL ABOUT HER
I believe in fallin in love quick but with someone that you know .
She will want a lot of sex .
So we should try to have the virginity in our mind .
I love kids to death i am even willing to date someone who has kids it does not boter me .
Then respond with oh , I 'm just real busy right now and quickly walk away .
Other times if it 's not that serious , just agree with her .
Try 1 on a weekend then the other then you can decide
Do you have any aniverseries or birthdays coming up ?
Maybe the boys are intimidated by your brains . guys are like that .
YOU HAVE BEEN TOGETHER FOR TO LONG .
Obviously he is cheating on you !
YOU shud have sex only with the person whom you marry .
Ask her out and confess your love to her
Then when no ones looking he  will ask you out .
No , because that is too cleshea ' ( or however you spell that ) .
I guess you are young and can deal with this .
I think its because they generally do n't like you . but hey he was an idiot move on !
It has many reasons that reasons can not reason 
Just think I can do this , I got this
I have felt telepathy many times .
Women are easier to deal with then most men realize .
After all , boys come & go .
How ABOUT YOU DO THINGS THAT YOU KNOW I DO NOT WANT YOU TO DO .
Some say that they way a guy treats his mom is the way he will treat his woman .
Have tats love wines all music and good fun .
If your now-man is flirting w/ someone , id believe the ex .
How can they trust again , or even block the what if thoughts out .
Do Not let yourself worry about it or things may not go well .
Just be yourself Do n't rush or you  will crush
Until he works that out stay far away from him ! !
! . plus it would help US to kno you are age
Do unto others what you want others do unto you. do you want cheating ?
Kick his a - all the way to divorce court .
I think that you type too much .
Tell her how you feel about her and never give up
Good luck and keep the romance going !
But if sleeping with one guy makes me a whore or something , then whatever .
No sweetie the chaeting guys are immature a real man knows what he wants and will not cheat .
Hi , its not soo a hard nut to crack you are baffling problem dudete .
You have to let her know that you love her and you would not do that to her ok !
Dude , if you are going to date a girl that asks loaded questions , you got ta know how to deal .
Ask to your so-called best friend , Do you really care about me ?
Go to a strip club and/or get a hooker .
If that guy is me i love you
I personally think guys do not like girls to be as smart or smarter than them .
Even if you knew a guy from birth , you were still strangers at SOME point !
If she smiles , you got ta winner .
Or , you kan talk 2 her friends first .
Or Did you like the movie .
When you tell her sorry , also send her flowers with your love .
What are you pickle or banana we should definitely chat
A dream girl is someone who is sexy enough to look acceptable to anyone !
Physical , , I perfer skinny women with smaller chests !
I mean i am a girl but that is wat makes a girl feel better unless she is stuck up
As long as you both are willing to work at it .
Be confident and act like you have done this a million times before
It sucks but it will not change .
If she 's not , then just ask her to leave you guys alone .
I believe so.good luck on that girl !
Both - I leave it to the lady to decide .
Ok . see he has a girl friend and he says that he is straight .
I do not have boyfreind and nethier do a lot of my freinds .
In short , my answer is .
If YOU ARE still alone by V-day . hang out with friends ! ! !
I 'm shy around him , but he flirts with me a lot .
Yes but in a special church
How are you meant for someone you do not like ?
Mmmmmmmmmmm ( i 'm getting moist just thinking about it ! ! ! ! )
Realize that you do not need a man to be happy .
You Are in luck cuz i jus happen 2 b a GURL ! ! !
If you get the rigth question , let me know !
School or have a friend hook you up with someone or something !
A nice card would be good
Naw but he have 1 for me
Um . do n't take the pic if she does n't want you to .
Which is what you should do !
Maybe it 's just you they do n't want to have sex with .
For example , if you are facing a firing squad . Fire !
Help me get it right for once !
Then ask her : ) Best wishes !
Maybe your ex is jealous but if you two are on good terms he might not be lying .
Well ask him or just keep wondering
See the red flags for what they are . caution . do not eneter . DANGER !
How do you know a guy is a player ?
Go to superpages.com they have a free reverse look up !
Because its so sexys to see gurls make out and its just good very good
But I love gentlemen so I would ask hey can I sit here ?
Do n't ge me wrong , I love my wife to deat and would do absoluely anything for her .
Would you put it out for all to see or keep it personal !
Its rather to be friends with him then to lose him at all .
Why not ask mary or marques ?
He had a 4 month affair w/her and slept w/her then would come home to me .
Keep IN MIND NO ONE KNOWS THAT I AM GAY .
( Just do n't judge the good ones , by the bad ones stupidity ! )
Check YOUR SPELLING , AND MAYBE I WILL BE ABLE TO UNDERSTAND THE QUESTION BETTER
While she was reading the gift certificate and talking about how wonderful it was , BAM !
You might 've even caused your break up with your ex by telling his friend t.m.i .
Being random is what makes life fun
If you are not looking good he will not be attracted to you .
Try it again it 's gon na get better .
Just be honest with her girls like honesty .
The same reason girls like boys : )
Do what I did one time .
I 've met girls with the same problems though !
When I tell people that they look at me like yea right , like exes can not be friends .
But ask yourself the big question . do you really want it to be different or just more involved & thoughtful ?
Dress up and get a hair cut .
Just be like , hey - I like you .
I know I have been there and a lot of my friends - guys and girls !
YOU get over him or try to make him jealos
Smile , and say hi . and just start talking . generally
You just have to wait for the girl who gets all excited .
My FIRST TIME IT WAS LIKE , FINALLY I 'M THERE MMM FEELS BETTER THAN I THOUGHT , OH MY , IT FEELS SO GOOD .
I HAVE GONE THROUGH THIS MANY TIMES IT VERY HHARDDD .
I would you doubt that there is any hope for you ?
Not all men are like that .
I find it cute and so grown man .
My honey is going to be low on moola so if I get some flowers then I  will be happy .
It means he does n't care about you but he wants to have sexual relations with you .
Just say it and then give her a sweet LITTLE kiss !
R you playin with urself . or ruinin you are life . you r goin to let other person use you .
As a fello girl , i say go for it and BREAK THAT SiCK MAN'SZ HEART !
My friends would all come over and say how cute they were .
The two men , will probably fight .
Send her sexy and romantic txt msgs .
There are plenty of aids predetors waiting to share there missouri with people like you and i .
I are not listenin to a guy trying to pick me up !
E. that you are now sick ?
. and be upfront with it .
And that 's alot harder on the guy .
Either masterbates , or watch people have sex ,
And inside were all the same
Cleaned house . then he could take me out for lunch . lol
I Am going to have to say no on this one .
3. invite he out on the weekend .
No way , if he does it once , he  will do it again .
: you are mother or father start acting differently .
It caused me such pain and sorrow for i was that uptown boy long ago .
You walk really slow when your with them . 10 .
So all i can say is follow your heart ! !
And he used it against the both of you to get what he wants ! !
Hell I TOLD YOU TO GO TO SCHOOL AND DO WHAT YOUWANT TO DO .
Ever guy is different and has diffent wants and needs .
Not me , but maybe one of my girls .
Tell her , but do n't expect it to do much good at first .
Either JUST MAKE SURE YOUR GROOMED WELL
Do n't worry you will find mr right .
Walk behind the 1st couple or sit in the back seat with you are date .
And if you could make someone love you , it would be artificial , and who would want that ?
It was all blonde slutty looking girls who 's hobbies are like drinking with hot guys , partying blah blah .
Maybe the boyfriend do not have a problem maybe its a issue at work or family that has him upset .
I do not think she is/hes a worth while friend if you friendship is when its conveint .
So they they can get girls they think just becuase there string we  will sleep with them
No , because they r gay and cannot have a baby of their own ?
Seems like more guys want to get married and start a family before the girls do now a days .
A trained counselor or a pedophile using the internet ?
Depends on if you had sex with another 11 year old . or like your 40 yr. old dad .
Sometimes you will not find him , he will find you .
Ok , it sounds like your real young .
Men think ; nothing goes in them to 'defile ' them that I shower can not wash off .
I used to hate girls with big boobs until i finally hit puberty and got them .
They say divorce is like death .
If you do n't want to , then do n't .
I think you should move on
Its sexy to see 2 beautiful women , but even two beautiful men is kind of gross .
Get to know other guys , and look for someone that wants to be with YOU !
I was 15 , I 'm now 23 , and do n't regret a moment of it !
What the hell does that mean ?
Does anyone else think he cheated again ?
Its a two way street so you should not be handling the relationship by yourself .
Take your time , have fun , and laugh !
Both but to be loved is totally better
I hope this helps you out alittle !
Yes UNFORTUANATELY : ( AND I 'M STILL GETTING OVA IT .
Where are you looking for women ?
Nope their all out to lunch
But you might get in A NASTY SITUATION IF YOU DO N'T MAKE THIS CLEAR .
I do n't have one either . kind of like it better that way . most the time anyway .
Why do guys care bout how strong they are or if they have a six pack or not ?
Try to put yourself in there place .
It 's just ALSO true that we like more of a good thing .
If he 's thinking anything , it 's YEAH , she 's letting me near her breasts ! !
Be confident that you are a complete person now , they do n't like desparate guys .
Try to ask question funny question that will do it .
For All- Does it really matter if a female shaves her vulva ( PUBIC HAIR ) ?
But who 's a virgin now a days
It sounds like it to me .
I do n't steal or cheat on anything .
Plus , YOU HAVE TO BE CAREFUL W/ MEN WHO ARE WILLING TO MESS W/ YOU EVEN IF YOU  ARE MARRIED .
You wo n't give anybody a time of day .
If your passed the age of 20 , kind of worry about it .
The first kiss the guy sould make the move , , its just how its post to be
Ask her what is up with that ?
Have sex and in between talk about important issues that you feel strong about .
Sex IS NATURE , JUST AS RAIN IS NATURE IT POURS DOWN AND WET THE GROUND .
YOU can get it up but you need to get more excited about it .
Hard to understand with all the * * * * s but i 'm guessing .
Wut are sms jokes ? i could probably care less
Sit on a couch , have popcorn , and watch THE MOVIE
They laff at you behond you back .
You can probably do it yourself .
Keep LOOKING . THE HOT AND LOVING COMES AFTER THE RING .
Haah no . they want you to do the leg work .
Any woman who feels sexy , will WANT to take a nude picture for the man she loves .
Battery and a firework got arrested , 1 got charged the other got let off
But IF YOUR BOYFRIEND TREATED YOU LIKE CRAP WELL HE DESERVES IT .
Where did you here this rumor ?
Maybe you should be a shoe salesman like Al Bundy
Smoke a cig , pretend your finished lol
That is what my book says
Because you r a young stallion .
Just b yourself and start talking . you will know if its a good thing to by her response
It 's human nature for boys to like girls babe .
Take you are time and the time is right tell him
Sometimes marriage counseling is alot cheaper !
Because it 's just awesome and hot , but if two guys did it , it is just weird and nasty .
And short skirts . depends how short .
Have you ever seen him with a girl , or talk about other women ?
So if your not a bouncer do n't worry i would probably be more attracted to you .
If she shows concern then . be warned
You have to be able to look the other person in the eye at least .
Well , what do men really want ?
I like this boy but i do n't know if he likes me .
Go get you another women and get on with your LIFE !
Keep them guessing . You  are a man , are n't you ?
Trust me , you do n't want to deal with that crap .
Yes you can , bcoz you do not have any more relationshpis
Do N'T FOOL YOURSELF INTO BELIEVING THIS GUY WILL PLEASE YOU IN WAY YOUR HUSBAND CA N'T OR WO N'T .
Depends how much money you have
Other than that , i do n't think anyone would appreciate sharing a bed with someone like that .
A guy feels pleasure . No pain . I know it sucks but its the truth .
And usually just after you stop looking .
Use protection every , single time- even clinton style
Just say hello nice ti ts and then say did I say that out loud .
Maybe you really are just a nice guy .
Hmmm , if head counts then i got head on the monster plantation ( boat ride in the dark ) at sixflags ( over georgia ) .
You MIGHT BE SURPISED ! ~ I TELL NOT LIES !
Well it dose say till death do you part
Stay or do not stay , but do not cheat .
Do what you like to do & do it well .
They are hard to deal with but do n't let them stop you .
You get slapped , or B. you get laid .
Well , try to enjoy what she enjoys !
I would want a guy to be honest , tell her you will still b friends .
Would you rather them like boys ? ! ?
7 to 8 inches , give or take a little , . lol
Just go up and ask what can it hurt ?
They  will call you stupid & you  will ruin your reputation .
Yeah i think guys do care about how you look !
Yes , after awhile it starts to lose meaning.Been There and Still There !
Hey , GO NOW AND LOOK IN THE MIRROR ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
( Although having the baby before sex was n't really possible )
It could be school related or something you found out she liked .
It does not matter so much about the size.its all in the way you work it !
Do n't knock it until you try it .
Gals like other gals similar to guys like gals .
I think I he liks me for me but that never hapons
Do Not ruin a good thing if you have got it .
No is she the owner of parker pens
I Am sorry but your * * * * out of luck . because she is to old ! ! !
First look at your nick , decadence angel !
With my hubby for days i will not want him to touch me .
Play her game w/ her and if she freaks tell her that is what she does to you .
Well , id say . brought me shopping .
And I JUST MARRIED HIM LAST YEAR .
Or you will find yourself getting somthing that you do n't want .
Always put this at the back of your mind : fidelity is for women while infidelity is for men
Nope , you are totally screwed . unless you are a Mormon .
2 ) What should i do to impress her / him ?
And she 's the only girl I 've ever kissed .
They  are just stupid underwear that go up your butt as far as I can see .
Try to break the illusion.think of him as just some ordinary guy .
Is it all a test to see how far they can take it or how much you can handle .
Being a good girl is a good thing without a doubt .
Whoever that guy is he 's a jerk and also very screwed up in the head .
Everybody wants to give precious gift to his love .
Get it together dude , start thinking with your cock !
Get out now , hold your head high , and wait for a guy who  will drop everything for you !
Hey YOU SHOULD JUST TALK 2 HIM !
When they start tryin to tease you about it
She obviously likes the other girl , so back up and let her be .
You HAVE BEEN SHACKED-UP FOR 3 YEARS AND NOW WANT A RESPECTABLE RELATIONSHIP .
Women bleed for four days and do n't die .
Then you will just get hurt again .
Your HIGHT SIZE DO N'T MATTER AS LONG AS IT DO N'T BOTHER YOU.KEEP 13,14 OUT OF IT , TO YOUNG .
If that fails spend all your money on her - but I would n't do that !
Ask her to join you for a coffee
If TWO PEOPLE ARE ON THE SAME PAGE IT CAN WORK OUT REALLY NICE .
Not a creator of problems . but every now and then . GIVE IT UP ! ! ! .
Well you should pick a girl that will love you very much .
Turned off . talking Erect . touching It 's not rocket science . excuse the pun .
Pay the fee ( not worth it ) and you  will be able to I AM all you want .
Ask her out for valentines day .
Agreed , if you like things the way they are , but want more , just do n't push anything .
Well , I think yes and no .
Maybe you should talk about it with your brother FIRST , then see what happen 's with this boy you like .
You should sit together on a couch so that she  will fell all sunglely then she  will like you
My boyfriend wants the same from me and i do not want to .
Go out and make it happen !
Are you guys IN-LOVE WITH EACH OTHER ? ? ?
Well uh yea i am normally a really nice guy but you are a fucked up ho
I think you have a lot of money and the sisters know it !
Now i know how to dress
If you want bad advice , this is probably a good place : )
Even though I am single there are only certain types of guys that I feel attracted to .
You do not want to be stereotyped with all females , niether do guys .
Well if your already boyfriend and girlfriend , it should not be a problem asking her to do anything
For example say he says I LOVE YOU like 5 times back to back
That , and they know men are pigs .
Ask him . and a friend who would know .
Try to move on and just stay FRIENDS with her for now .
Girls love candles , that is what I give all my girls ! ! !
Yep . kind of makes you wonder why you broke up with him ? ?
And do not be creepy about it ! ! !
With guys , it is more like a Check this one out and then it is over .
( only people without money will tell you different because they do n't have it )
Baby DO N'T HURT ME , DO N'T HURT ME , NO MORE !
Find out who her favorite band is and buy her a tshirt , cd or video of them .
Talk to her ask her how is her love life goin .
First of all convince a girl
Simply because you are a GOOD person .
Best friends do not do this to a friend ! !
It 's not as sweet if you make it a big huge deal .
But hey nothing Ben N ' Jerry 's and some chickflicks could n't help , or rebound dating .
Maybe you should hang out with some guys sometimes .
Makeup works or just blame it on a curling iron , haha
So do n't worry what are you sad for ?
You do not have to be a vergo , just real .
Yes and i love the time i do that with feeling love with lady betwen 50 60
He has the right to know .
Rumors always have an element of truth !
Yeah i am but it will not work .
Sure , if you do n't mind the pain of having your cojones cut off .
But what if it does n't just happen ?
I think lee ryan i just looove that accent
In your situation its so hard .
She will look at you all the time .
Congrats on the pursuit of being a pastor .
Do n't let anyone on here lie to you !
It depends on the age of the guy .
First . take off all suggestive pictures in your profile - you attract the morons like me .
Fool me once , shame on you ; fool me twice , shame on me .
Why all the people have problems with speech . and spelling need to ask such dumb question ?
They open their mouths and TALK !
Not much maybe your love to your girl and flowers and chocolate .
Of cos sexy gals can aroused gals like the guys .
Chat rooms , or use your search engine .
Ok let me break this down , I am a woman .
But if he just keeps talking then put this one in the history book and keep moving .
Does he go on the computer ?
Yes . Love can happen anywhere . anytime . you never know it !
Like fofull you are greatest sex fantasy .
But if she is hot , then GET R DUN or something like that .
I AM THIRTEEN AND WHAT I DO IS JUST TALK TO HIM AND TRY TO BE BEST FRIENDS .
YOU that is unless you do not know him well enough .
Ask yourself , what type of girl are you looking for and what would she be doing .
I do n't mean playing hard to get .
If she does not like you the way you r then do not form to what she wants .
Always watch their actions and do n't go just by the I love you alone . K
Now YOU MUST TRY TO WORK IT OUT !
Even if they r gay , they also have a love live .
Just be yourself and it will happen ! !
Unless you are a lucky one an find a nice guys but there is only about 2 of them .
And multiple partners as in i 'm gon na sleep with you today and your brother tomorrow ?
Whispering in my ear and tickleing
Plus i dnt want a chik who is a village bicycle so i hold my self by the same standards .
I would n't be gay to start with .
Now - you can throw yourself into work/life .
It NEVER SHOULD BE ; BE AWARE
Stay a virgin or do n't do it again , until you are married .
Love is when you can not stop thinking about that person and you always want to see him/her .
He does kind of flirt with me but then laughs .
Uhm . they are nicer to look at > .
If you got friends who can connect you to new people , then you have chances to meet someone nice .
Cheaters are sexier when your drunk ! )
Just tell her to knock it off
Funny it is , but guess the way it 's said . PINKU
To me hook up is like foreplay but no sex .
You 've got the girl , you do n't need the porn .
My friend slept with a guy one night . no sex .
He is a bit shy and i want to make him love me more.how could i do this ?
I was n't looking , was n't expecting anything .
Thinking about other women is not cheating .
I hope everything works out for you guys , just talk about it .
Do n't worry , everyone likes to talk about themselves !
But that 's what it feels like everytime I 'm with him .
Are you a now a woman , or just a pathetic stalker .
I Am not , why be affraid to tell people .
How about no pick up line .
If you are not given , he thinks that you do not love him and appreciate him .
That I have to teach her how .
Wipe the tears with your bear hand and kiss on the cheek
Not You SHOULD NOT HAVE SEX TILL MARRIAge DO NOT YOU KNOW HOW TO READ
Hope you find peace soon . so much anger can not be fun .
Try to move on , what else can you do .
Just enjoy it & do what feels right .
But to a certain extent they look good on alot of girls .
And why did n't you ever leave ?
Why do n't go to i am a fucker.com bitch
Then his friend could n't go with me then .
No do not that is a huge age diffence for younger people
Everything.except things i do n't know anything about
How did you know you were gay ?
They tell you they love you , yet they still leave .
If you are shy to sk someone out then no good .
Some guys do not appreciate that though .
Soeone who can better understand her .
How did you ask your girlfriend to go out with you ?
If I were you , I  would be wondering what else he lies about .
Well just go out and hopefully you will find one ! ! !
Do you think he would take you back if you cheated .
I like this guy a lot at my school .
You just like black women and do n't know it .
Find OUT FOR SURE . IF ITS TRUE THEN DUMP HIS SORRY BUTT
So , can a guy really be too nice of a person ?
Do n't let anyone tell you different .
It is not right in Gods eyes !
I know it sounds like a clich but it may be the best thing you can do .
Could be a number of reasons : 1 ) Confidence level - she could be shy !
Then if you are with someone then that is another thing also .
Genie - as in the bottle kind .
Talk to him and see if he thinks it has fallen apart too .
I think she likes you but does n't want to tell keep trying to get to her !
Sometimes it 's hard for us girls to accept that guys just are n't exactly like us .
Be loved cuz then you feel special inside = )
So ask you are date to take a walk and excuse you are else from the other couple .
You  are getting married , and your fiance suspect 's you  are interested in your ex ?
Just love that is what a woman longs for
No , but any one that would have sex with you at such a young age would think your one .
Yes ITS A FREE COUNTRY WHY NOT
Think about not what you say to him , but how you say it .
So why do you like me ? lol .
I see alot of celebs doing it but not only celebs are getting in the trend !
Love HIM . for real . do n't fake love .
Hey hon , can you just grab me another beer ?
But if he tries to act nice and talk nice to you , then . you know .
Out of the blue 9 out of 10 times is because he is looking for a booty call .
That 's cheating , I feel bad for the boyfriend .
I know what you are talking about .
Correct me if I 'm wrong but is n't everyone different ?
1 ) how do you know if you love a person ?
She has a great body , great abs , pretty face and nice perky boobs .
Sexually - get to know the man in the boat .
Unable to enjoy life as someone is overbearing .
( Unless he is a horse . size usualy does n't matter . )
Get some and you  will not think about it as much .
Keep that guy who love 's you a lot in your pocket and maybe you will love him later .
That Is all it takes , a friendly hello and - Boom !
My mom says it 's wrong but she do n't know how comfortable i am around him .
You ca n't have too many friends .
What was the deal w/ the first marraige ? ?
There are some that do ( just can not rememberthe name ) .
No it 's one of the most sacred rules ever you do n't date your X 'S friend . it 's called BACKSTABBING ! ! ! !
If YOUR MARRIED IS GOOD , STICK W/ YOUR HUSBAND .
I 'm 17 , I can sing , I 'm a sweet guy , not bad looking , and I 'm going to be a pastor .
I just want someone to spend it with and that would work just fine for me
What if this guy scams people for a living ?
Let you eyes ponder and it will direct you to that perfect girls of you fantasy or dreams .
Rate your marriage on a scale of 1-10 . 10 being best What makes it so good/bad ?
What do women really want ?
They care because they want girls and friends to think that they are hot and sexy !
Really dear . do n't ask people on such question . but if you  are askin for advice . then here 's mine .
Also how would you ask her out ?
Especially if you broke up for some reason .
Whenever i look at any particular thing first thing that comes in my mind is sex .
Someone will like you as you are
This way , if she does n't have a boyfriend , she  will probably ask YOU to go to dinner with HER !
At that point you would probably become the cheater .
I went and picked her up ( yeah , her mom would n't let her get her license , even at age 18 ! )
I  will give you fifty bucks to sit by me for two hours
It is hard to tell from your question .
Depends on the guy , as an emo i can say i would be just happy being with that girl .
Never ever ever believe this , its a lame excuse and its only used so they do not feel guilty ! !
When you see her around and you do not know where you where going or do
I 'm in love with my soulmate , confidante and best friend . and the great thing is , she loves me , too !
Like making love . what you want and expect .
Depends , not on the first night though .
Plis I love to read you are advice .
Think about it - it is kind of great to be bachelor again !
I have a couple straight friends like that .
Do that BEFORE moving on with the other guy .
I do n't have much luck myself .
Just be a friend and show her what you are like on the inside .
Well to me it seems like these so called good friends are n't such good friends at all .
We live together now and he is an amazing guy !
They might just think you are trying to do them a favor and dating them to make them feel good .
Sunshine 's on the right track . so pick her as best if it comes down to she or I .
If you two are with other pepole or what
I Am a girl send me a pic my email is ltenenbaum9119 @ yahoo.com or wildone91191991 @ hotmail.com
Like he liked that part of you ?
Or just keep track of how boys react around you . and so some investigation .
I just do n't get it , that adult 's these days have no self control .
And that 's not a bad thing .
You might like them a lot , but it is n't love .
If she does'nt like you then foget her and go find a girl that can like you for you .
Do n't worry , he 's with YOU now .
Maybe start with sexy fully clothed pictures .
Anyway it always cracks me up to think of a car rocking back and forth so for me no .
Okay . Before you get any FURTHER attached , let her go !
Tell him that you have a boyfriend and tell him that you can be friends with him .
Pray to the most high GOD to put her in your path !
Does it really sound like he has changed ? ?
You KNOW I WNATED TO HUG AND KISS ALL THE TIME YOU NEVER WANTED TO .
His GAME IS OVER , AND YOU  ARE LEFT OUT TO DRY BY YOURSELF .
Best advice , do n't do the crime and you wo n't have to face the time .
Typically you  would say thanks , because apparently he thinks it 's * time * you got some new draws .
Of course , if they really are 'true ' enough .
I do n't think he will say now ( can i join in )
Some day you will , and you will knew why ?
And the other girl . i  will let someone else answer that
I promise it works bcoz i had chkd svrl times on many girls in such cases .
Let her know you are a virgin if she does n't already .
Babe , sadly i think your man is cheating .
Love is a buttiful thing but i you play with you are LOVE = emotions then you just * * * * ed up
Wut i did wuz be nice but do not go out of the way to do things wth her .
Once a while , she would be nice to me and i feel like in heaven ! .
Who gives a fuck with sms jokes , be real girl
Mine DID AND WE HAVE BEEN MARRIED FOR 35 YEARS .
If he ca n't take it then lose him .
Do it in person , it hurts worse when its done over the phone
Why is she jealous . coz she loves you .
! And for Godssakes please do n't have a baby that young , a baby will complicate your life even further ! !
Find out who you 'real ' friends are ?
I think the best way is to stay friends with that guy .
Not all women are like that .
Thay way you  are in the 'driver 's seat ; )
If you keep changing you mind on him .
Hell yeah , go out and look .
Only is she is not really a girl .
But i do not wear them in college ? ?
And the thing is his family does not like for both of you to be together .
He wants to send you mixed signals and amplifies the attraction process more . ! !
Read the book He 's just not that into you !
I Am NOT SAYING YTHAT YOU R LIEING I AM JUST NOT SUR .
If they really are just making it up then you would not have been good together anyways
R you jeolous if so get over it
Ask her if she likes the movie Beauty and the Beast .
Well from my saying , you should go on and flirt with him alotto try and get to know him !
After we had this talk he then ask me are we o.k .
Youngest age : 16 No younger that that !
What you should do is flirt with him a bit and smile around him .
Once IN A WEEK IFU CAN AFFORD IT BUDDY
Well you must seek only trashy women .
It usually just flows on from there .
How would dat fell to you baby ?
Words r words and mean nothing at all unless there is action to back it up .
You would do anything for them . 1 .
No , I would never do that !
I am scared he will not give his heart to me in full .
We feel the same your question answer it self
It might not be his fault after all .
Give it a try and good luck !
If your into it go for it !
No it 's not cheating . it 's just you fantasizing .
If your wife wo n't take nude pictures , maybe she 's unconfortable in her own skin .
Or ask her to the movies or something like that .
I 'm positive that someone will love you one day
If the first happens , do n't worry , you  will get it up again , if the second happens great !
At least as much maybe more !
They DO N'T work in real life .
They have the theme rooms etc .
Yes you are not only a whore you are a slut !
And wll these feelings all pass ?
First of all , do you really hate them ?
Do Not ever do something like that because in the long run it comes back to hunt you .
Chat and ask if she would like to have coffee IN THE MUSEUM cafe .
This will be in june and I do n't want my future wife disappointed
As far as men wanting to get married early I have not seen that where I Am from .
How I can say the dumbest thing and he still finds it funny .
Because I think that I did .
Perk them up tell them a really funny joke
It does n't have to be anywhere fancy , just somewhere special to You guys .
Girls like it when they think the guy actually pays attention to more than her boobs !
I know when I came out to my mother she said Oh , your not funny like that !
Drop something infront of her and say hi that will start it 4 you
Everything seems so much easier now .
Yes two girls like me what do i do .
Its not so much that we like girls , we just like the sex .
Just be yourself and find someone who cares you .
You can buy what you want or need .
Get her a cute little stuffed animal .
Or wave to him in the hallway .
Jeez , what the hell kind of question was that ?
Also you just have to get to know her better .
I do not think so my dad is a cop and statitory rape is seriouse business
I do n't know . you should wait for your soul mate .
Then go where these people go .
Well that happened to me but i was not pregnant and she diffently was not a size 4 !
Just look at Eminem and his wife .
Or is she sum 1 you are wanting 2 talk 2 ?
Just be urself a woman loves a honest guy .
We also went to dinner , that was plenty for me !
It depends what people will think about you .
He does not want me to leave because he wants to be with me all the time .
But nothing wrong by marrying anyone you find on the street .
But if you really like all of them pick one .
And FYI : Not all guys play games .
That 's the explination.they ca n't be faithful unless the one true love strikes them over the head .
It hard but there are some mean out there they  are just hard to find
I told my friend that too .
By the way i am o.k .
The other girl is after one thing , and its in your pants .
If she takes off her pants and sits on your lap . you got good chances .
: ) Wish you all the luck in the world . Cheers-Danae
Its probably good idea talk it out with him .
I mean after all that ` s all girls do to guys .
It 's not right to say hey your an a * * hole because your hot .
It 's very simple . tell her to back off in a nice way . honesty is the best policy .
Many men are just like that with breasts .
Just do n't get your hopes up too much .
I 'm sure you will find some body , keep looking .
And that 's how to prove his to love to you. then you go that city .
But my absolutly beutiful wife married me and I look like an idiot
Neither am i. i am a nigerian dude looking for the same thing !
Whenever you and your wife happy can share the night with outside dinner
You ladies should just come out and say ~ Pound da s * * t outta my cootchie please !
How can I get my best friend ( guy ) to join me and my 'girlfriend ' in bed . ?
Though if you love each other love will find a way its way back for both of you .
If you prefer the postal way it is also possible
Not only for your soul but for your health .
Do n't date him- it  will be trouble !
Start slow - join a club or team or choir or other group that has girls in it .
Looks like hooked on phonics did n't work for you
You cheap # @ ! $ * just kidding , how much was the watch ?
Its the most special feeling you will ever have .
If you ca n't trust each other , why would you even THINK of getting married ?
Well you do n't really say what or how he 's abusive .
YOU need 2 ask him that honey .
You should not be thinking about marraige if he does not trust you .
And he has lost his romance
See WHAT MADE YOUR MAN CHANGE .
And make the best you can out of your life .
Is he the only guy you can get ?
You WILL NOT FIND TRUE HAPPINESS WHEN YOU LOOK OUTSIDE YOUR MARRIAGE .
Just go up and say hi .
Or just say hey what is up ?
Just be your self and be honest .
Its really hard to say what is average .
Just expose yourself to him ; ) works every time .
Who the hell sees you like an object ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Yes harry larry , you  are a whore .
Then left him hanging and i feel really bad .
Hot girl get it while you can : P no i am just kidding i am not THAT insensitive .
First off , never , NEVER EVER answer a question like that from a woman ! !
If you mean a hickey than , rub a lipstick cover over it and twist it .
Kill yourself , then you are the one dying , and that should make everyone happy .
Um no that just screams immature !
And all that is called L.O.V.E !
Sounds like you just had a bad breakup and he does not want to be a rebound boy .
Ask me my code name is iverson
Do n't . love your life and self first if you wanted to love other person .
Some people do n't get hit on at all .
Be yourself go up to her and ask her she is doing .
You know , that is asked alot by girls .
Then just get talking about deeper things , not like , so , how 's life ?
Hiiii this matter is about love
You get high frome their scent . 3 .
Try talking about your boyfriend or girlfriend .
If you have any more questions like that do n't be afraid to email me at : iceskater_ashley @ yahoo.com
Well THAT IS WHAT I WOULD DO !
It 'S EITHER THEY HAVE IT OR THEY DO N'T
Or start with just a bra and pantes first .
Probably he 's self-conscious and has a lot on his mind .
F. She thinks you are lying ?
Do Not feel ugly if you know that you are pretty .
What if you had gotten married then all this happened ? ?
You can rub my feet anytime
Just make sure you swim well . and buy some wellies !
Um . we  are just like any other kind of girl !
But if you love him you need to tell him .
I am sure i cannot be the only one out there looking for a guy like you !
Kiss.com . that 's where i met my honey : )
Give him head while doing it .
If you do not voice out you do not get it .
If she has a boyfriend , and she 's happy , then back off !
YOU can always ask her friends too .
However - - i find him looking at me every now and then .
Ask him yourself if he wants to go out with you .
If he is , do not allow him to hurt you- leave him right away ! ! !
Is he teasing her a lot ?
If your friend really has a problem with them dating then talk to the guy .
Well its hard to talk about one 's self : -D
I like an average girl and she is very pretty , but shy to some people .
Talk about something she might interested in , or a movie
That Is All you have to do .
Just try giving him some hints , like tossing your hair etc .
So no we are n't always trying to be nosy .
You are afraid of losing .
You forget what she looks like ?
Her name is megan and she likes me so much .
And you cannot sweat this crap beacuse , you loved a hoe .
You should wait untill it feels like the right moment , whatever you do do n't RUSH !
But alot of men and some younger boys look at a woman as a whole package .
You have to be In love to know what it is
Yes , most guys ask girls out , but hey , you 've got to give us a sign ! ! ! !
Cuz i am thinking about doing it
Move on , there was an obvious reason it did n't work out the first time .
If you touch , lay , make a move , etc .
YOU will marry in same age that HE ( your true love and friend ) desides marry you , too
Stop looking and wait for her to come to you .
What restaurants are you going to ?
Just say happy birthday and that 's it .
Fyi . it only takes 4 to penitrate .
When will I get my chance ?
Now I have to get off here and go snuggle up . See ya later !
Do Not do this until you are sure you are ready .
So on , on , on , something you are doing , is saying to them come and get you ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Just be real tell her what is on your mind tell her wat you fell she will be very happy
Take her to a movie that she likes
Well i am a guy and i know how it is .
Omg why would you send somebody a copy of your ID ?
Yes i am . and after 5 years , we are still in love
Aslong as she is using it correctly you guys will not get pregnant .
Depends on how mature they are ?
First , would your brother care if you started a relationship with this guy ?
Just think of it that way .
You get that warm fuzzy damp feeling in your blue jeans
Maybe you did not include them with it .
Cannot save a life with words .
Lots of random posts tonight huh ?
Not all women . take it from me .
Money if you have money you do n't need anything else .
Since you are shy , maybe hang out with some of your friends when you flirt with him .
If she 's your girlfriend why would you need to impress her ?
Either way , you do n't have what she wants RIGHT NOW .
If IT 'S BAD , SEEK COUNSELING , AND IF THAT DOES N'T WORK , JUST END IT .
If you do not know that . then your numb ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I think you should get a plane ticket and go see him ! ! !
Well me myself . i am still a virgin and yes sometimes i feel embarrassed to tell people it .
Plus , there are just the people that get pregnant on the pill , even with perfect usage .
Me , i am the best choice hands down
I want a reply from you .
Have you ever tried yahoo personals or eharmony.com or other dating services .
No , hanging out with friends or going to outragous partys is the only way to have real fun .
If she knows you like her then just chill .
Or the signs are there ( guys checking you out ) , but you are just not reading them .
What do you think i should do ? ?
I care about him a lot . but sometimes I wonder if it 's truly love .
You  are not insecure , you just see through his crap .
And put down a towel , no one wants to sit in the wetspot
Get the ball rolling and keep going .
If you do n't , then let some other person help or just give them a little quit time .
Stand UP FOR YOURSELF , START LETTING PEOPLE EXACTLY HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT BEING ABUSED !
Because you should b. i guess , that is just wat we hpoe
But check it out usually between the age of 35 and 45 HA prime time
3 Tell yourself I ca n't do this now and mentally lay it aside
If you wan na be a virgin before marriage , maybe 17 or 18 .
Try your best to see it yourself first .
Do some guys like this or will I just need to fake how I am to keep someone ?
YOU should n't have any doubts in you are mind about them .
You read their texts over and over again . 11 .
Did you run out of medication or is therapy school on break ! ?
. oh , you  are a really sweet sounding guy .
For example , if you just sit there straight faced then it sends a message that you do n't care .
No offense or anything but i do not think las vegas is a good place to get married
She is who she is . like it or leave it !
No really it is a form of herpes but not the kind of you worried about
I love well formed females under five foot , really ,
If that is the because you never had nothing with him to begian with as far as prettier .
Us girls are twisted , do not try to understand us .
If not then go for it all the way but except what ever come from it .
I Am a girl i knows boyz like black boyz they like the gurl booty than the beauty .
And I WAS GON NA GET A JOB AND YOU STOPPED ME FROM GETTING IT .
Yo son if you really want a girl to like you you got to be urself .
I only admit it to people who i knw r virgins too .
Yes.i do n't think there 's any problem in it.but if he has some other good qualities also .
Second i think you are too young to have a g/f .
But says he does n't want to go with you and does n't want to , and does n't tell you why ? ? ?
So they can pick lettuce while they cruise : ) do not worry , i am mexican !
What should i do if my best friend was macking on my boyfriend
You better stay away from jail man .
If myles is the one you want then get him back .
If he does not like it move on .
Ok , i am a very straight guy .
You ignore her acitvity & works
But girls are like that too , always think they  are not cute , sorta gets annoying .
Eat lots of chocolate and ben and jerrys new york fudge chunk ice cream .
I 'm sure there is somebody out there for you .
Nice looking women treat men good too .
Just do n't let random hot women get to you .
The first time i had sex i was 9 .
If you still want to play around then do n't get married .
In person would be the best over the phone just shows what a coward they are !
He might get turned off on it too and you might be able to have a little fun .
If you were gay why would n't you want to married to the person you love .
Show him that you care and still want to be friends if you two broke up !
We got married 10 1/2 years ago , even though I never proposed !
And the food is n't that good and the beer selection is lacking !
I just told my friend i have strong feelings for her .
Well i hope things work out for you and GOOD LUCK to you l8r
You acually mean girl or women ?
For a real bf , you should be 18 . but can be younger if just a buddy
Not you. Alot of guys are hoes and want there di * * to fall off .
Guys are afraid of being made a joke of and turned down
Find a girl you like and do any crazy thing to get the date
That Is the last thing you should feel
Be honest and forward do not beat around the bush , it will only make it worse
Besides how do you know the guy who wants a fling will love you .
I do n't think it 's odd if that 's what he wants from you .
Do n't you think that kids back then snuck the occasional peek .
First of all your boyfriend should not lie !
No , it was a fling . I do n't think his girlfriend would like it .
: ( But i sure love it .
Sex TOO IS ONLY PLEASE WHEN IT IS DONE .
Is it because you are expecting him he  would love you the way you love him ?
4 ) Waiting - to see what you are REALLY about .
But l love my hubby with all my heart and l will not want this to continue .
Do n't do the same things , try to spice it up my doing new things .
His family rejected that coz of my age ! !
Not only did he rape your girl , but he was your so called friend .
Cheater or man with something to hide !
! IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN .
If you know them well ask them what is up .
If things turn sour in the relationship with your boss then things can turn sour on your job .
Do n't fake because if it turns serious they will notice .
If they always in your face smilin
Look TO SEE WHAT HAD HAPPEN IN THE TIME OF MARRAGE .
I guess boys should be after girls not men !
That Is a lot of stress you do n't need right now !
Should love me always.and shold be romantic.and she shold be hot .
And try and figure out-what happened , here .
To avoid answering the real answers
Id personally love both = ] but id rather be loved .
I just want to ask for opinions that would best fit my question .
The bigger they are , the more they get in your way ! !
Dude , i 'm goin through the same shit right now .
Because you  are a baby and ca n't get over it .
These are questions that good - caring women look for .
From my own personal experience . just try to be funny ! ! !
Men can touch their balls women ca n't
Like : not to start talking to him/her , not asking about him/her , not answeering him/her for along time . etc !
The best thing he ever did to me was when he bought me the first rose .
If you marry her , you could rub her feet for life !
You know there have to be blondes mixed into this
You Are nuts leave the guy alone
Probably girls always want wat they cannot have
How well do you know this man ?
My friend cheats on his girlfriend because girls beg him too .
Or maybe she just does n't want to
Being a guy , it is embarasin wen you are 24 !
And given that i am not in that setting i do n't know what is driving that .
When she starts playing around with you and talking to you a lot .
She my friend is haveind her frist kid
Now you have to take an STD screen every 6 months for the next 3 years .
8 years together she still looks great .
I think every single gurl who is looking . looks for a a real loving , understanding , caring man ! ! ! !
Ok , ask her to go outside in the parking lot with you becuz you need some air .
Or at least the ones I 've asked do .
This is n't why he said it .
Looks like you got the point .
What ever you do ' do not stay with a cheater .
My sympathies , but just tell everyone straight up
See i use to date this fat guy , until he broke up with me .
No , a guy ca n't be too nice .
Are you sober right now . this seems like a pretty sappy question .
Do Not ask always . tell about yourself , your dreams , you are goals .
Which i thik is so nasty since i have a bf ! !
A skirt it is more comfortable for a girl and sexy for guys
I Am 15 he 's 18 and in college he loves me to but we decided it will not work .
Then find out what she is into . then go to her and say I heard you like ( mexican ?
First thing you got ta do is stop spending so uch time on the computer asking dumb ass questions .
Maybe you should just leave her be . she might be trying to help him get to heaven faster !
It just might knock his socks off .
That Is EASY , ME GETTO TACO BELL ! !
If it is your first time yea it prob .
This guy has serious issues . log off/sign out immediately and do not EVER EVER contact him again ! ! !
You cannot make him love you .
Do some thing you enjoy if you are date enjoys it too then you have some thing in common
Things will go smoothly if you try this .
They are n't complicated at all . self centered is the proper terminology
But thank god we tried it out first !
And if you get told no , so what !
Nothng wrong , it could be just fear .
Be stick on that and you will be succeed .
Was there a reason you guys waited 3yrs to get married ?
Do n't trust other people , no matter who they are .
Or just stay seprated if your in no hurry wait him out and mabie he will file
Something THE BOTH OF YOU NEVER EXPERIENCE TOGETHER .
Females be tryna play wit guy 's heads .
Do n't worry about the boyfriend stuff .
Why i did you have 2 break up wit him wen you new you liked him
If she is really one , you outta luck .
Um . I meen smooth talk her , get close , and invite her over .
So it can happen ! . Anyways hope this helped !
But they ca n't be any guys you have to be close to them .
I recently had a great guy friend kiss me .
Your husband ca n't control your mind !
What would having your picture back accomplish ?
No . as far as i know , he 's not dating anyone right now
Then , do what you like to do .
Shaved looks like a little girl , and i do n't want a woman to look pre-pubescent .
1 just being that he 's not divorced yet .
If you want to , then go ahead .
I did like the taco bell answer .
But . like sunshine suggested . read up on it !
It 's like some weird animal instinct .
Maybe YOU NEED TO TRY SOMETHING NEW WITH HER .
When you figure this one out please let me know
Just be yourself . do NOT try to be something you  are not !
Everywhere , they are like grocery stores all over the place
You should be like wow girl you are so cute what is your name
I NEED MORE INFORMATION TO ANSWER THIS QUESTION !
Umm . no panties would actually be more comfortable than butt floss .
People conversate with other people all the time !
Plus I  would rather not choke myself : p
They really do n't , it 's just how they communicate .
Sex at the neighborhood park in the daytime ( nobody was there ) .
Not on the first date but def on the 2nd !
Give her a large teddy bear and ask her to pose with it .
I felt like I was kissing mushmouth !
Why are all the HOT boys jerks and the ugly boys are nice ?
Stay LOYAL TO THE GUY YOUR MARRIED TO , DO NOT CHEAT ! ! !
Lolz . n e wayz first of all , do you noe the gurl ?
Worked for her with her family .
Get her fav flovers , chcolate , your love .
You should not feel ugly and unwanted just because a guy treats you like shit .
So , until then , I think I  will just hang out and have friends .
Hope i help you even a little .
If you do n't want suprises then next time tell him what you would like .
Or you love him the way he is ?
Just always be there and she will eventually warm up to you .
Move on it will be the best for both in the end
Now we broke up now his friend wants me .
Maybe not , but if you want to know just how he is , you can mail him asking that .
Because they want to get girls duhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !
But right after youv dumped the now-chow , and your ex starts flirting , id go back to now-man .
And in same girls like boys 2 becz boys have those things which girls have not .
Quick answer : our brains actually function differently !
Depends how much you like them .
Then , you should probably see why they tease you .
So i get to be close to a girl with out having them wanting to suck me off .
As they get older they get more 'guts '
Many ugly guys care about only sex .
Yes it is and when you do people will know you are an easy sl [ ut
Cuz iranian guys r loyal , truthfull and care for the family .
If you do n't want to , then do n't .
If he wants to go then shut up about it already and go .
Some people hang around you for what they can get .
Any ONE THAT CAN CONTROL NATURE CAN STAY AWAY FROM SEX .
When YOU know what you want . Then YOU will know what you truely need .
And in the end is it really worth it ?
Because guys are stupid and like 2 show off 2 anyone and everyone .
If they were to say 100 % . yeah , then they could be sued .
Give me as much response as possible
You can never get that trust back , so move on .
Get some hard proof . like a police report , etc .
I met my man from online .
And fined out wha she is into !
Man can give to his women love and all what she like
Maybe he loved what you were like to him at that moment .
No matter how hard you try , you ca n't help who you love no matter what they do to you .
Depends on how good looking the ex is ; )
Touch wood i hope i dnt change my views !
Mayb you are having an affair with him coz you still love him .
He might be better than your ex .
And ask yourself what you might be doing wrong .
I think you got wat i mean .
Then ask the dude you hate how his love life goin.then tell her you are real fellings
Get out while you can ! Your lover may go psycho on you !
Do n't bother yourself with him , move on and forget about him .
Once they  are done crying , manhandle them and spank them .
People m waiting for some good answer
Ya-we do or at least I do , but I do n't think about it every 12 seconds ! ! ! !
Your girlfriend does n't want you asking about other girls expecially her friends .
Do n't tell him you love him .
If you have to ask you will never know
My best Guess being a Guy , Is there is sum1 else in tha Mix .
By a chance do you know anyone that live in the same state with her ?
No if ands or buts about it !
Just speak , strike up a conversation and get to know eachother !
Just do what your heart tells you at least your real about it to her
Just say it Einstein . not all that hard .
It 's like most guy 's wildest dreams have a threesome . he 's crazy if he wo n't .
YOU got ta get OFF of that fear man , i mean lifes to short for that kind of shit .
Give a big smile and say HEY
Just ask her out on a movie .
What kind of music are you listening to ?
Nothing MUCH JUST THE SIMPLE FACT THAT HE CARES
People who do n't type in all capitals .
Your mom , they have surprisingly good advice sometimes
It 's like asking why do some people go for Coca Cola and others for Pepsi . or something like that !
It just depends on the girl .
Guys are afraid of women with brains , and they humiliate them to boost up their own selfesteem !
Take THE TIME TO LOOK AT EACH OTHER AND ASK YOURSELVES IF YOU LOVE EACH OTHER .
I told her to ask him when he came in the house call she hung up in my face .
Becz the girls have those things which boys have not .
Kick his arse to the kerb .
But a 6-7 inch is nice ! !
Its fate you  will get to them .
Yes , and it rained today , and i had peaches for lunch .
No i have never been to england .
How about in choosing a mate ? !
I kno sumone n i want 2 find out information bout him .
Overall , wait , do n't force ANYTHING AT ALL ! !
I bet he would get a real kick out of serving you : ) Have fun !
Of course you do n't like to complain . YOU ARE THE FIXER of problems .
But for sure not everybody is telling the truth on the net .
Your Avatar does n't help at all ! !
I told him I liked him and gave him my phone # he just tore it up .
My GUESS IS THAT YOU NEVER DID BUT , PERHAPS YOU COULD LEARN TO LOVE EACH OTHER ?
Did he dump you or did you dump him .
For the same EXACT reason hot girls are bit * * es and ugly ones are nice as can be !
I once went out with this guy and he broke my heart .
Have your own Style & be Cool . Act like you are already in a relationship !
But be real and do not try to be fake .
Movie OR BRING HER TO YOU ARE HOUSE AND GET DOWN AND DIRTY .
Things THAT YOU COULD SHARE THAT YOU HAVE IN COMMON .
Do n't go crazy trying to impress her .
Stay away from these people at all costs !
Well , you probably look like a guy that they can trust .
2. he does n't care about her or her reaction .
So you 've actually seen a guy slap a girl ?
And there are lots of good non-Iranian guys .
I Am not an american to understand what do hicking means .
I really hoped i helped , even just a lil bit .
No i go out with people i love .
Even condoms do n't gurrantee 100 % protection
Just try going to da club on a singles night or something .
There is no such thing just be yourself when you talk to someone
If she 's nuts , then she  will probably say every day , which if you can afford that then hey , no stress .
Once i was , do n't be in a rush getting fucked is not all its cracked up to be .
Not really , you have to be the judge
Falling in love over typed words and web cams only is not so hot .
Tell him that you did n't mean to hurt him !
And that is ' what I think you should do !
Why would you want to know , that is gross .
No i do not but its easy to find her just go to yellowpages.com
This is really a question up 2 you. but i say do what you are heart fells .
Just his kindness and love , because he is so nice and loving and i do n't need much
Ambitous , successful , intelligent , educated . oh wait you said dream girl right ?
There are sensitive caring men out there who do n't let their penis make their decisions .
Starting over is a hard step for me , I can not open up yet .
And what if your boyfriend findsout how would he feel .
And hope i have answered you on this matter
Or was that just all a fantasy ?
Why Do n't Guys lay back for a lil ' while .
: P I would n't want to share my husband with anyone . ever .
Hon , why do n't you trust your insticts ?
And you know him better than her , right ? ?
So could you share some of that with me ? ? ?
I HAVE BEEN VERY SHY SINCE BIRTH BUT GETTING RID OF IT .
Why not tell the girl the truth ! !
Tell her you Love her every min of the day , Well.it works for me : P
This is a really hard one .
Then if they get mad and start yelling , gag them .
I was going to say not until you said the X cheated on you .
If you r honest with you are relationship then you make a guy intersted in you .
Do Not take him back- even if he was drinking or not .
If you like someone let them know I always say but I guess I 'm wrong !
Geeeeeze My Valentines ' chocolate is long gone !
Janu , sweety pie , lolly pop , this one did it .
I am not trying to be mean but you need some help .
C. She does nothing for you ?
Yep . and we have a baby .
If not you need to stop and think and think hard and long .
Find people in chat rooms and ask if they want to be penpals
Do Not even GO on the webcam anymore ! ! !
I know it 's crazy . but it 's true
Not happy that he still see 's the ex on occasions and dosent care if i am not o.k .
Color is only skin deep . it do not matter until you get to the inside .
And to hurt someone that truly cares about you is bad karma .
I do n't do anything that hurts someone else .
Well mine is 10inches long and 3 inches thick But that is just mine care to try it out
If you truly loved him . it would n't bother you .
Jewlery wise . Something simple but not cheap . Like a Necklace or cute braclet . Music . who do not like music ! !
You have to kno what there into for ins .
But pls do n't get ugly , just to find that guy .
Dpo n't pull a shakespeare , do n't force it out .
If you know what I mean
But that is what sisters are supose to think
Because hot guys do n't have to try hard to win affection .
Of cos they can get into homo or want to be homo .
Goggle web and you find what you are looking for .
What if he blew the best job opportunity you ever had by insulting your future boss .
Energy is good but too much is pretty annoying !
Why have n't I had one yet and should I tell him that he really is n't the first .
So it really is up to you .
I love sex so very much , but can barely ever get my boyfriend to have sex with me .
: ) Best of luck to you .
Buy here a movie that she said was a favorite .
May be you should say you  are looking for something bigger . : )
So obviously she just was n't good enough for him and you are .
Show him that you are better with out him .
Do n't be arrogant , women hate that .
I Am the most popular kid in my 8th grade class and a big jock .
You Are probably shy because you  are afraid to make the wrong impression on him .
They do n't know him like I know him .
Clearly something is wrong , yet they will not admitt it .
I black i went though it .
I know his is alot but i had it on my mind for a while .
because the smokin hot ones think their too good for you or sumtin like that , so that never lasts .
Pick any good guys out , the rest you can blast away with a shotgun !
Oh no , they ar superior ( this is what 90 % think about girls ) , and for them sex is beter then humor .
The pain . oh the pain of losing the one .
Because it is sexy and makes charlie stand at attention
I do n't now but they look like it hurts
Cuz if it vibrates well then .
She had no answer to me .
Why not he 's single unless he 's committed
Start there and see where it leads .
Often , but most do n't act on it .
He was n't and that was for sure .
I do n't want any one-word answers . i need details .
Well some say this or something like it , but then they go ahead and do it anyway .
Why else would more than one girl use that as an excuse ?
Once or twice a week would be nice I think .
Let him see the true you .
YOU should go to a mental hospital first to be able to answer that question .
If she still gets mad GET RID OF HER .
How could you not have both ?
Dang . My first reaction is to tell you to run like hell b/c people on the internet can be nuts !
I would think one that is very desperate .
Go ahead with your life , do n't bother him .
The are times i do not feel like making love .
All you have to do is find the irl they think he raped and ask her
96 % of all men have at least cheated once !
Why DO YOU MAKE ME SEEM TO BE SO BAD .
A decent guy expects nothin but love . Make him yours by just showin you care for him .
Hell yeah it hurts the first time , when you are the woman anyways . but after that , it is great !
You  are probably just looking in the wrong spots . but yeah , eventually you  will find your special sumone .
It will be hard , but if you do not do it .
But do n't let him think you do n't like him .
Wow . a guy in need of help huh ?
So go ahead wit yo self and do you are thang .
On the cheek or on the back of my neck .
You sound like a caring and sensitive person that does not deserve such BS
And then obviously : go to a bar with a friend and see if any guys hit on you .
Probably not at first , then it depends on what type of person you are
He said to leave him alone and you are not .
: - ) they are sweet romantic spots .
Question : how far is her place from you ?
May I throw my hat in the ring ?
( your treat of course and of her choice ) and take it from there
I was but i just found out that hes a hoe .
Eah i guess if they do it at home but not at chruchnot with every body there
She can use it to cover .
You could try a marriage counciler
I expect nothing and hope for something really nice !
Not even us girls know . hahahahah its hopeless !
Seeing a good marriage adviser is great idea
But if you ca n't control it , confront them all .
Ask yourself why you do not want him to
So we can just go crazy ? ?
If you pick Myles then you should want him enough to tell Ryan to get a life .
Then LEAVE HIM ONE AS YOU GO OUT THE DOOR .
I hope that answers you are question .
( haha . you are getting advice from a 15 yer old =P )
A lady who is not into just one thing , but opens her mind and body to both .
They  are out there , those good girls , you just have to look hard .
Nope , , everything that is too much is bad !
I will just say right off the bat .
She expressed interest , I said , thanks but I like WOMEN .
But better do not have to much hopes , in this things of love its always women get hurt !
That Is kind of weird , do not ya think ?
If he cheated once odds are he will again .
Now that I saw it and asked about it , he said he was just looking for new friends .
Well i cannot give you that much advise b/c i am the same way !
Maybe because he 's still hiting it on the side .
His little sister said she  would spit in my baby 's face
If no , I 'm not for you
If so then NO . if it is then possibly so .
The fact that is is dating you and she is your best friend makes it really bad .
No she is a slut and not worth dateing anymore
How AM I TO BELIVE YOU .
Because she has a history with your guy !
In my opinion once a cheat alwasy a cheat i would leave him alone !
Do Not know i met my wife on the internet
Or does it feel different to you .
Be yourself Be nice Be a Good boy !
You SAY YOU LIKE THIS OTHER GUY , BUT I 'M SURE YOU LOVE YOUR HUSBAND .
And i have worked very hard for the place i have and the things i have .
I 've seen some beautiful girls , yes , but so too have I seen some nasty stuff .
I would move on , but keep in contact with him as friend
Lois , being a guy , I actually ran inot this situation once .
And why cannot they stick to just one woman
Just go ahead and talk to her .
What . Did you just go see brokeback mountain ?
Same thing happens to me just be cool and pretend you hate him ( no effence )
Do Not get me wrong-am not in the habit 4 casual affairs !
If you both broke up because of differences .
Stay away , there are better ways
Or maybe because you are just getting more mature and realize that marriage is n't only about sex .
What if i did not want you to do something you really wanted to do ?
But really it 's just where society 's at right now .
Other way around , it 's really complicated , if you know what I mean .
Unless their friend is understandingthey shoulde n't .
A bad 80 's outfit with big hair and lots of pink neon
When  was 15 and  would hate t
No , if she loves you and choose to be with you , then you have nothing to worry about .
I'am newly out of a 19 yr marriage myself .
Not to give photo id and yes i think its enough
Some women may not want it everyday , but maybe once or twice a week .
Try yahoo people search , I got some useful information there .
No , but he does have crushes on certain celebs .
How old are you , get back to me , ejy1 @ sbcglobal.net
It means that they did not care about your feelings and just cared about their own .
I will ask for help when i need it .
Maybe hint in at first as to not scare her . lol Have fun !
: ) The Americans have some hot competition .
Guess I always think of that saying : Do good and you  will find good
I 'm in tx so the laws are different , but you can find it thru a search online .
Is it real that girls like gifts all the time from their boyfriends ? ?
If you really love him , then try again .
I do not expect much just some one on one time together
Maybe- who knows ? - you might fall in love with her too : )
I WANT TO DO THIS EVERY TIME .
Definantly an alright girl who is loyal .
If he 's not that is sick and wrong .
Be happy that you do not have bf . live freely and enjoy life
Plus they do not hit on me !
You can also do some secret admirer stuff , that is if you really really like her .
Got ta go , this turned me on !
A day . i used to go 4-5 times a day , but now adays once and be careful
If you choke smile but do n't get embarassed and say there is a chip stuck in my throat , just playing .
Do not date at work unless you do not care about your job .
Be the best man in her world
Is he actually dating her or just checking her out alot ?
Did him and you are friend go out ?
) ask him that then email me at oliviastarrjordan2 @ yahoo.com
How woudl you feel if one of your guy friends tried to turn you gay >
Mysterious . lol . I do n't really know . sounded good .
So its possible if you have passion for good and positiveness through you are living .
There 's this guy i like and he 's really hot !
But if its with your pet Gerbel then you just might be gay !
I find him Not My Type of Guy .
Some hot guys can be nice yah no .
I walked funny the next day .
Ok. i am indian , and i wear sarees .
If you just started talking to someone , and just met them what would be a good first date ?
Go on before another gets the same idea !
At least she would know , That dude like me !
People do n't like him because they think he a wierd .
You could get pregnant , get an STD .
Becouse they are straight and like females
Maybe you do not want one , you just do not know it .
But this never happen to me again
My family one mom one dad I had 2 sisters and a brother .
Drop hints and let some one else out you and just admitt to it when they ask .
It sounds like you care about the looks first and the inside of a guy second .
. just some things to think about
Hooters is a ripoff . i 'm not paying $ 25 for a burger and beer ever again !
None i 've meen ther 3 times , It gave me the oppertunity to meet the handsome husband I have now .
You better play video game with her draw things and go to movie .
No way , because he an idiot .
Well i think it usually starts with hi.lol
I say go with your heart , if you love her then try .
And do n't forget that valentine 's day is coming up .
The one you love , for certain .
Engagement then after 1yr 1 mo .
And will not get a divorce or smoke or drink or whatever .
He loves her but do not find her attractive
Be proud it is a great thing to wait for mr. right do n't rush things .
I LOVE horses so i whould be REALLY happy if you asked me about them !
It 's only dirty if you want it to be .
Then i  would boot his sorry butt out the door .
But do n't expect her to say oooh baby , I think you  are so HOT .
I Am looking for the right one .
Please BE CAREFUL ON THE INTERNET ABOUT MEETING PEOPLE .
Talk it over with the wife too .
Hhmm . i did not relize I was attracted to bouncers .
And even though your reasons are bad ones . look what happened .
I really use both but i need some advise plz !
Sweetie just stay friends with him
( OLD CLICHE ) THERE ARE MANY FISH IN THE SEA . IT IS TRUE . I HAVE LEARNED THIS AND YOU WILL .
Actually , why do n't you find out for yourself . not with YOURSELF , PLS .
Do n't worry , they  will grab you soon .
Girls do n't do it just to blow a guy off .
No one can every have too many best friends just too many obsessions
I do not think it is it happens more than you think .
Especially when he has someone that is good to him .
Football players , and the rest of the jocks .
If he gives you any B.S .
She  will have to learn not all guys r gon na b perfect for her .
And once you become a hot girl in a few years .
Think about these questions and i bet the answere will come to you
Love is nothing its only infacation
She has blond hair , really pretty alot o guys like her but she lives in WV . wth/me ! my bff
Do guys all ways have to be taller then the girl .
Well i personally love for my man to have a goatee .
And to get to hold her hand .
Have you asked him if he is seeing someone else ?
Not only could they help but they can also buy you some Ben & Jerry 's icecream !
Friends r the key 2 every gurl , trust me .
Men LIKE YOU GIVE GOOD MEN A BAD NAME .
A lost , young whore . where the hell are your parents ? ? ? ! !
I do n't see anything wrong with it at all .
He is your brother why would you think otherwise about him unless you  are sick .
! i mean they are rare . like an endangered species .
By doing just what he wants . i guess i ca n't please him !
Whatever has meaning to her , or just pamper her on the 14th .
You ARE PERFECTLY NORMAL GIRL , THAT 'S THE WAY IT 'S SUPPOSSED TO GO .
I WANT SOME ONE ELSE 'S OPINION .
And i bet you feel like i do , all confused and frustrated .
Actually , you sound like exactly the type of guy i am looking for .
Why in the hell would you want your friends ex and youalready know what is going to happen .
That does n't mean I 'm out to marry them .
Well ya , how do you think people start to talk to each other .
If you want a Hickey removed . do n't get one in the first place !
Has a few issues it seems , maybe paranoya is the biggest . move on . he 's not the one
You LIKE HIM , OR YOU LIKE THAT HE PAYS ATTENTION TO YOU ?
Sit down and make up a list on paper what you are looking for .
Is that what you can alone think of ?
If you do not liek him hes not the one !
Hell YEAH GO OUT WITH HIS FRIEND IF YOU LIKE HIM
Some say . If you lust after a peron . you already slept with then in your heart/mind .
In person would be appropiate but if things are going to get ugly the phone is a better option
If she knows your a virgin , she may want to lead !
Otherwise YOU TAKE A CHANCE ON GETTING WHAT YOU DO NOT REALLY WANT .
I really like but I just ca n't find the words to ask her out .
Take your time , have fun , and EXPLORE !
I have 4 brothers and no sisters .
Once you meet the girl of your dreams .
You should flirt with one his friends and he would get mad.If not act like you do n't care .
I Am sure you will not have a problem if all you say is true .
Do Not , suggest all going back to yours for a group sex session !
So you have to consider what kind of a mate you would be .
Love is better than lust , right ? ?
I think we are counterparts of the one another .
Not cheating unless you actually act on it .
If he respected you in the first place , he would n't have done it anyway .
It would be like a regresion in my growth .
I guess that 's why there are n't that many redheads .
Yes you shouldint let someone git hert like that .
A girl did that to me and i fell into her trap , even though she is far from perfect .
In some case if she does n't ask you . just wait.if not it 's ok .
Not you and all your stupid questions !
Is it smaller than your middle finger .
You have to really dig yourself out of a hole .
But it all happen when he/she confused whethr he loves you or not .
If you are not seen him for 16 days surely thaty tells you something ! !
Got a girlfriend . then wait 1 month and become monogomous and check her checked first
If he likes you then start hanging out with him .
Sorry ( OLD LADY WHO WILL DIE WITH CATS ) ( LOL )
Take her/him to the beach n have a picnic w/ them .
Oh ya I 'm 24 and he 's 18 : - )
I Have heard a boy-toy or just called a lover .
But he was so nice to me !
I Am going to say NO because what else have you got .
But i do not know much about it , my bf is muslim ( turkish ) and i 'm pagan .
YOU know how can you be sure he does n't want that girl .
I cannot believe you are so hypercritical ! ! ! !
Open YOUR EYES GIRL YOU HAVE A FUTURE GO WHERE EVER YOU HAVE TO YOU  WILL FIND SOME ONE BETTER
I told them that they needed to get their head examined .
2.but you are guy gets the chemistry here . He acts as if stilllll your best friend . ! !
Only you can decide that . Do you care ?
Well , if you ever need anything let me know .
You know what we all want !
That kills the mood and you have to stop and start all over again .
Well that 's pretty tough . Well be her friend you know talk to and stuff .
Do n't try to impress her with money or looks .
That and a few other things too
It depends on what kingd of cheating
4chan.com 's /b/ is pretty gay . some times
Listen Kid , you  are just a freak .
Have you guys met face to face ?
Do you mean like a pen pal .
My ex and I are friends .
They become all you think about . 4 .
Do n't want to much to fast !
Then just chill alittle to give both of you time !
Id take one that size anyday ! !
Mentally - stop asking strangers and ask HER ! !
Do n't rush things . life really goes by fast .
And do not feel bad about it , he has problems .
If so please contact me as soon as possible ! ! !
I think iam always going to have a thing for him
Chacha77 is right , if he 's too smooth he 's probably a player
In a picture then ask if she will just take her bra off .
I think it should be the guy but then again I 'm pretty shy .
If you feel happy not giddy follow your heart but be up front and tell jhim you are feelings also
Why do not you just visit her at home , bring her food , DVDs or anything she likes .
Just tell him it would be great to have a 3 some
There used to be LOTS of good girls out there . until the bad boys turned them around .
What is a fiance of 2 kids ?
I was on the shot , and got pregnant with my third , pullout or use a condom .
Things are n't looking up for you .
I am , it sounds like you are a nice person who would really care about someone !
If you really love her yes .
Your looking to hard . let love come to you
The love with the other person just hits you and sticks .
Ask YOUR FRIENDS IF THEY KNOW SOMEONE THAT HAS YOUR TRAITS AND QUALITIES .
Ask him what 's wrong or what are you thinking about or do you think we  will ever get married etc .
If he 's not cheating he 's doing something bad .
Sometimes it 's just not about you . It 's about him and you certainly ca n't control him .
You just have to be careful because their are some frauds online .
Men : write their name in the snow .
So no i am not embarrassed to admit it
Put yo self out there man !
Have fun you are too young to be stuck with someone that does n't like you ! ! ! ! !
Cuz it are not no joy for an uptown boy who ` s teacher just told him good bye
Or you could just flat out tell him that you like his bestfriend .
Work your way up from there .
Seriously , if a girl said that to me , i would know she meant business .
Plz plz plz anwser me baq thank you
Eh , blanks are just wasted anyways .
Make it casual mayb that way you wo n't be so nervous .
Guys want girls who will make them feel like a man .
Which WOULD MAKE HIM FEEL TRAP , AND RUN AWAY .
I 'm really sorry and I love you soo much
Then you do n't worry about but if he does n't like you then get on .
And you  will always have a date to lilith fair
If she says no , ask her what movies she likes .
Was a very bad boy but am now reformed .
An girl that is loyal because I do n't want some dumb girl that looks hot !
Flirt with him too maybe invite him over to your house
Because in the back of every man 's head is a dream . a glorious dream !
Although , this does not mean that those pretty blue eyes will ever cheat on you again .
But if she is cool about it , it 's nice if she approches .
I mean , wierder things have happened .
Ask her about her goals , and talk about you too
Pretend you r staight and ask him if he has a girlfriend
If they ask you to move on .
I would have it evryday with my ex husband
I 'm not saying it 's not worth trying , I just think it 's something to keep in mind .
Is n't she your girlfriend because she already likes who you are ?
Cuz my friend dumped her bf thinkin he was cheatin on her and he was not so FOLLOW YOUR HEART !
! at least you are a hill billy you are not supose to think about him that way
Because i mean i reLLY do n't know
If he cheated once on you , he will cheat again .
But really if were up to me i would not need sex ever again and still be happy with her .
And when you tell him do not be surprised if he asks can he experience it .
How is it that you even know that word at age 11 ? ? ? ?
Do n't say things like , 'let us stay friends . ' because you really do n't want to .
Dude , after that blind side , DO YOU REALLY want to fix things ?
And good luck with your surgery !
Once a cheater , always a cheater .
Otherwise , 2 things : 1 ) Go gay 2 ) One word : prostitute
How about all you all come to class one day wearing saris ?
I was married 2 days before we did anything
When you will have 5 babies frm you are ex bfs
Too late , idiots like you already ca n't respect women .
What shall i do in this case ? ?
Firstly , not all women are like this .
Yes they are , and let them be like that , boys do not need to change hahaha
Yes you should and tell him that you two made a mistake kissing .
He still promise me a good massage though .
Tell her what you think mabey she  will change her mind !
He smells like perfume that is not urs
Why not have many friends that are girls .
If that 's what your after , then knock yourself out .
If you are dating a guy that a lot of girls like then the chances of them cheating increases .
Like they say , you do not knwo what you got till it 's gone . goodluck = )
Yeah sur as long as you are not good of friends
Yeah sure some people wait till the right person
Eyes . they say it all . use them . : )
Not the typical flowers and candy .
We fuss and argue a lot over stupid things mostly . some really important though .
Or if she 's carrying somethin . ask her if she needs help .
Then just start taking off her clothes !
) food . want to go eat ( at a nice resteraunt ) with me friday night ?
Do n't get all hung up on your size .
A GOOD GUIDE LINE OF RULES MUST BE IN PLACE TO MAKE SURE NO PARTNER STEPS ACROSS THE LINE .
I 'VE KNOWn HIM 6 MONTHS I LOVE BEING WITH HIM I AM SO IN LOVE WITH HIM ( but ) .
It means he 's an ass and he digs yer friend .
You ca n't make a girl do anything .
It feels weird though but yah .
Women pick up on subtle hints better than men , I think .
Somtimes romors are true but somtimes they arnt .
I Am currently dating a man who 's going to be a pastor too .
Some time i find my self liking a guy for reasons i do n't know .
Try club love in D.C . and do what you got ta do man , you are liek what . 30 ?
Do N'T EVER SETTLE FOR SECOND BEST ! ! ! !
She likes to talk to him alot !
If you can cheat on guy # 1 , why not on guy # 2 ?
Tell your brother to HOOK you up girl shoooot !
But i woud n't worry too much about it  will happen when it 's right .
Coz they r confident with there self they dnt care about there weakneses .
I mean , well , if you  are a good guy , maybe I  will marry you ( just kidding ) .
One thing I suggest is just do n't bring it up .
Cuz thy jus wan na show off there body . and thy wan na look better than other guys !
They are the best comfort when you have nobody to spend it with !
Back and forth and so on .
And you maybe thought a quick fix band-aid like marriage would be the glue/ to keep you guys togethter .
Since i was 16 , alot of gay guys tried picking up on me .
He should go with the loyal girl . looks fade loyalty will always last .
If i sa you in real life , i probably would think you where cute 2 !
You be romantic , if he likes it he will respond ; - )
What kind of car are you driving ?
Yeah pictures or something like that works .
Do n't let one fool keep you down .
What would a girl in 8-9th grade want from a guy in the same grade ?
Ask HIM IF HE CHEATED ON YOU !
That Is not to say I have slept around alot but I have been married 3x .
Good for you , did you just learn your number ?
But here 's the weird part . she NEVER turns me down .
Of course I would , why not ?
One more thing what state are you in seeya
If you miss him when he 's not around you then you like him .
So just get a gun , aVibrator and a well paying job and you will not need a boyfriend !
That does n't mean that i would n't be friends with them .
Fool me once , same on you ; fool me twice , shame on me .
My problem is i do n't have a big penus ( about 5in erected ) . and i only last about 4-6 min .
None of my other friends ( including me ) thinks he 's that great , especially since that boy gets in trouble . lots !
2nd do not be a brute if this happens
If he keeps lying , then he must not care for you all that much .
I  will love to have two husbands . who joins me ? ? ? ?
YOU sure will get screwed for asking this question by the yahoo answers team . Anyways . how old are you ?
Its totally out there , you just got ta go find it !
I think getting married on the beach at sunset is more romantic , but that is just me .
I do n't think 18 is too young .
Jealousy sucks and it eats away you inside trust me i know and it is'nt fun .
There is nothing wrong in dating blacks , asians , whatsoever .
I do not know about you guys but i cried when i read what yahooguru wrote ! ! !
How can i get back in the dating game and trust and love agian .
I do n't mean to sound mean - But are you sure you REALLY LOVE HIM ?
Girls boys know what lust is but not love
From the male viewpoint . women , finances , women , cars , women , work , women . oh , did I fail to mention . WOMEN ?
Women want both because it feels good
No because i do n't belive in that at all it is just based upon the stars !
Tell him maybe he likes you .
No no no no . Never go backwards .
No do not avoid her coz of you are pride .
So just buck up and say it .
By giving her a gift which you prefer : choose one & why ?
You never want to look back on your life and say Oh !
Ask him why and if he does not know than forget him
Unless your 12 of course ; ) .
It is a challenage to a another female to get something she cannot have .
That 's the most used excuse i have ever heard in my entire dating life .
Be adveture PLUS he  will love it ! !
Sex 101 : Women need romance , men need sex .
( at least that is how my life has gone )
Do Not put that on the net
) , about issues that lead to marital failure .
Guys have just the same problem and he might be too scared to ask you .
If she feels comfortable calling him daddy then you should let her do it . maybe they have a bond .
It kind of sounds like maybe he 's not that into you anymore ?
Then maybe you should hear them out .
Ask me after 10 years . maybe i  will have the answer . oh poor I am
In short , Tell yourself your are worth more and LISTEN to yourself say it !
I hope one day I can have them here with me : )
Can you please give me a list of things waht to talk about .
Sometimes you just have to say something shocking to get his attention like Oh yeah ?
At the end of the period ?
Trust is the number one thing that makes a relationship like that tick , no matter how much youlove him .
Probably did , so you did not wait for the paper ( marriage license ) then , no different .
Yeah i am all bout equal opportunity if yur hot then yur hot that is all there is to it
This thime it is really over .
Most girls do by time there 25 to 30. blokes never do though , if there that way inclined.lol
Well first off ya are not gon na find a good one on the internet !
Homosexuality ! . well i think it is anyway .
But if you ca n't , then you know you really have found the one .
Plus it gives parents a chance to meet you .
Just catch her eye and smile .
They always want what they ca n't have .
If e does n't wan na tell don pressure i am .
I can undersatnd why you feel so . i myself hav felt so very often .
Do Not worry me and my friend feel the same way about this other girl ! !
Whenever we are together , i always end up hitting him you know play fighing , its what highschoolers do .
It would also help if it looked nice as its served .
I always used to get in trouble for things but my brother would not .
She probably does n't want to talk , or maybe she 's shy .
You would probably have alot of fun sharing that experience together .
I 'm wondering why do you care if he breaks up with her ?
Try to get on with life .
People these days are just ya know .
A wonderful relationship with the one you like , and later you could love entirely .
Guys UNDER THE AGE OF 27 WILL TEND TO CHEAT ON WOMEN .
I Am sick of living with no money In this shitty apt .
If all fails go to a strip club ! !
What girls can do to make you fall for her ?
About the freindship you hav to make him realise that we are just friends .
He does not call me anymore he just comes over then hes gone the in the morning
My WONDERFUL PESONALITY , AND OF COURSE MY GETTO ASS .
Not fun . I felt bad for her kids too .
Cuz they are assholes and they do not deserve you
I had a lunch date with a beautiful woman once , but mostly she just led me on - does that count ?
A nagging woman is a man 's worst dream .
You could become a club referee ( soccer ) but you need to tale a class .
Do Not be fooled just because he said he he loves you .
You have to do what your heart tells you to do .
Do stuff like you would do when you first meet .
Or put on some of your favorite music and do karaoke !
To give you money I guess and for you to pick on them it seems
Ask him if you are beautiful , sexy , or hott .
The worst she  will do is say no , but you got ta try .
If you make her laugh your in .
But five years though . WELL , it 's hard telling .
You ca n't make her do anything .
They never work and make you look like an idiot .
Ok I am dialing your number now !
It could have been a wrong number .
Maybe she is embarrassed and feels weird just try to talk to her
I am one of those whose husband cheated !
Tell his other girlfriend what he said and see what happens .
But him and I are still great friends .
Gial no because if he really love you he would not called off the wedding the nite before : (
I 'm 15 years old , I 'm just looking for some nice guys to talk to .
If you hide it might get worse !
Nice try no one is gona call you are fake number though but thanks for the 2 points ! !
Just tell you your friend that you miss her .
. well she is either testing you or rejecting you. did you do anything , bad lately ?
Typing my answer at the same time taking a call .
Most men hate shoppping they especially hate going with shop-happy women .
You should get one , because you sound like you have nothing better to do !
So what is your stationary # L7 a.k.a Sq .
Some good answers here . Vanessa 's was great !
Pick one obviously , ( or you could date one in secrecy away from the other )
You will eat LOTS of pizza and ice cream . and then you WILL get over it .
Okay well good luck on figuring him out !
If you  are going to take a bath ~ take a bath !
Best of luck to you both !
I never asked him for money , I even pay him rent .
Think of all the irritating things that he used to do .
I did 4800 Miles and I am Divorce now .
He came back down . and he wants me back ! !
That 's just the way I see it now .
Wake up its either you meant to get his attention or i do n't know .
I messed up and messed with my ex and now i really regret it .
I do not know what sms means
I had no idea WTF this question was about .
Being in love with a married man never gets easier or less complicated .
Sooner OR LATER YOU WILL FIND OUT .
And i am not being mean . i just would like to know here some storys ! ! ! ! ! !
Do N'T cheat on him , two wrongs never ever make a right .
In ( first ) Adam ( in them : Gen 5 ) all die .
Um , let me see here , oh , he beats you .
He must do his husband obligation . so please gim me some suggestion on what we must do
He never said a word and walked away . Now , I miss him .
Will he or will he not come back to me ?
But should i tell her i like him ?
Its risky if you get it from you are gf .
Even if you do n't agree with them .
I bet they are bed rooom eyes .
What do you mean , you feel you  are a girl ?
Yes . happened to my gf too about 6 months later the treatment .
I should have did/ said this- no REGRETS !
But if you try to be a good friend , you can have so many great people around you ! ! ! !
It sounds like you are a Christian .
When YOU ARE IN LOVE YOU WILL PUT THAT PERSON 'S NEEDS BEFORE YOUR OWN .
Start making out with as many guys as you can .
I do not think that is a smart idea .
Dear do not worry be trusted in god .
And if you ar n't then it should be easy becaue you do n't know her !
Take it bac old skool on her and write a letter
By the way hubby and I have 3 kids and have been married almost 9 yrs . this time .
Yea . hes not worth your time n love if he does not care about you
3 ) He stood me up for our new year date ( Clue , he was with his Ex ! )
Glad you ended it , but make no mistake .
You  will learn a lot about that person and yourself .
That Is NOT RIGHT JUST BEING WITH BOTH OF THEM IS ALREADY HURTING THEIR FEELINGS .
Yeah seriously , tell some one , aka you are parents , a teacher , clergy member , anyone you can trust that will help .
I really liked this guy , he 's smart , sexy , and really nice .
Cuz they ca n't compete with that
I do not want support , i want a really good reason because i 've think i 've diproven them all .
Plus send her a BIG FAT check.And that is with out her knowing itwas you who sent it .
What a jerk - and the girlfriend is a bitch .
Like a loaded visa so she could buy her and her kids cloth toys and ect .
Or just wait for her to remember me ? ?
That Is you are job to do that .
I tried calling but your line was busy ! ! !
; ) AND most importantly when you do n't have to ask you KNOW .
Did you get a friend to tell her ?
Lust IS WHEN YOU SAY YOU  ARE IN LOVE WHEN YOU JUST MET SOMEONE .
I think but for introduce you are self by them .
Biggest joke played on man - size does n't matter .
God luck , i hope she is ok .
I remember saying something about putting her up for adoption , because of what my dad said in real life .
Guys may insult you and some girls may not want to date you .
Sneek out and still see him
If a guy respect his partner enough i s'pose it depends on the guy .
Yours because gay guys are gross .
Is this a kind of fantasy for him ?
Just ask her some girls are to nice to say no
Get to know her better and do not do it just to do it .
Do n't ruin it by going back .
Then you will be in control .
No , you must settle . but not always for less .
Post naked pics on a 360 page .
But if you do not think you can wait cut her lose .
So what is she * hurt * over ?
Now , this guy told her he could n't go around wid her .
Be mature do not be scared and go for goal !
Be yourself and they will come
First you look around to see what type of guys your interested in .
Should I Just try to be friends for now ?
Let da situation take its course ba .
Hook her up with one of your guy friends she does not know .
Do n't worry about his issues , do n't have sex with him and go out with other friends .
Just be yourself and do n't sweat it .
Do Not worry , things will get better .
So guys look for in a girl and girls also to guys .
I worked on my own issues first .
I WOULD GIVE HIM THE WORLD IF I COULD !
But girl , you should move on .
But you do n't need a mate .
Guys like confidence , not girls who do n't think for themselves .
Yes we are all different and unique so why talk about it unless it is a big issue .
Take a deep breath and introduce yourself or just say hi !
A hot girl or at least take homeable .
Otherwise have her use a friends phone .
Do N'T HOLD YOUR LIFE BACK WAITING ON HIM TO GET BETTER .
And guys will follow you arround .
She ca n't find a nice man for herself ?
You know mom to son , dad to daughter .
Also very important DO NOT LISTEN TO ANYONE ELSE 'S SUGGESTIONS ; THIS IS YOUR LIFE .
They want what they can not have
Just come out and say it .
Look , life is too short to wait him until he decide to come to you !
Typically , your momma knows what she 's talking about .
Everything depends on you honey and what is inside you are mind and how you deal with this .
For you even to think on it , makes you pathetic , you said it your self , move along girlfriend .
Not for nothing , but how do you know you  are not gay ?
Move on a true friend will be happy with your choices it sounds like he ca n't let you go
Ease up on here though , she 's just a kid .
That is so silly to even think it .
Absolutely that would be the best ever
And it was my boyfriend 's baby .
They are extremely realistic . so much , that i have no clue it was a dream until i wake up .
See how much he loves you .
This is so weird considering I see him like everyday and now i have not spoken with him .
Get over it and just move on .
! gurl now that is really a big sign from what i hear .
Its what you are feeling right now
Asin your favorite moment in intercourse
At 20 , no . at 30 , maybe . at 40 why not . at 50 yes . at 60 Hell yes .
But if it really is love its really hott ! !
I Am not really sure how old you or yur parents are .
Before you leave him find another guy .
Probly you did somethimg bad to them .
She 's got some buggy eyes and guys still think she 's hot .
E mail them to ask them
Because it 's not as much fun !
There Is one simple answer to this quesion . he likes you
How gives a crap thanks for the 2 points
If he 's into porn , how 's your sex life ?
He may be cute but if hes an ass hole than i do n't want to talk to him !
Take IT SLOW , BUT MAKE SURE HE IS READY .
So what if he goes back ?
You do not have to give somtheing fancy just be creative
If he 's into porn , how 's your sex life ?
He may be cute but if hes an ass hole than i do n't want to talk to him !
Take IT SLOW , BUT MAKE SURE HE IS READY .
So what if he goes back ?
You do not have to give somtheing fancy just be creative
Yeah i have two wonderful children .
What is love and who is to say that there is not love .
About 15 years before men do
Do n't you think she 's always waiting for you to ask her to be your girlfriend ?
Be HONSET WITH YOU HELP YOU OUT WITH PROBLEMS AND WANT TELL ONE OF YOUR DEEPEST SECRETS
I definatly agree with icee and i am a guy to
I 'm 17 , i will be 18 in 2 months .
Well you find a friend and you develop a frindship and that stays 4 ever
I 'm still hoping & optimistic that there is . its never 2 late , right ?
No point in just dragging a relation just for the heck of it .
And he blew it big time .
All I can say is WTF ?
Because MARRY DIVORSE NO GO NOT SHOULD .
I want a girlfriend and i am not scared of that , but you see , wanting is n't everything .
I ca n't feed him all time .
You do n't believe you deserve better , but you do !
So in the end i got the raw end of the rope .
Prefer if Men answer - truthfully !
And I doubt that anyone else in here have either .
Ya ca n't mix and match them .
Do you miss him when hes gone .
But eventually you should move on .
The question here , is not if you love your man .
Give it some time . they ussually start to come around once they get used to you being around .
I can forgive all his things coz I ca n't forget him . .
Hey hun , Be careful with other peoples hearts .
My babygirl is 1 and she calles my boyfriend daddy .
Try joining a drag queen show lots of them not gay just like entertaining
Or not having it at all !
You could ask him if he woud consider going out on a real date with you .
Do n't try changing for some guy .
You ca n't let a guy use you like that .
Asxk the woman to be your freind do n't ask her out that is just sick
Good Luck , I hope it 's been everything you hoped for !
Absolutely not . would you want someone that you loved to dump you just because of your hight or age ?
Do you mean S & M ?
Ok . here 's the whole picture in short .
If YOU HAVE MONEY I WILL BE YOUR FRIEND .
I dated 2 women once , for a year , i would n't do that again .
It will not and do not work like that .
Girls who are hot and know it .
Do n't let your hotness heat up your brain and attitude .
Am i too young to be getting married ?
No beacuz i did that and its better to say it now than say it later then regret it
Wow , it sounds like she does n't have too much trust .
If you did n't mean to full in love with him then y r you looking for his attention .
If you are lucky , you will only get married once ! !
It kind of makes the kids realize how maybe their own parents are n't that bad .
Act like your interested in what she is talking about .
Is she nice and like to have fun .
It 's kind of happening right now .
You should n't be asking this question to a bunch of strangers .
It takes lots and lots of time .
Is he so lazy that he can not pick up the phone .
They should n't be taken lightyly ( NO EXCUSES ! )
If you choose to go , do n't go alone you have to be very carefull these days . good luck
If you love him so much , talk to him instead of asking the internet .
Just get a life . you can at least give away something that LOOKS legit .
: - ) I think it 's just how sex in marriage is supposed to be .
Here Is a crazy idea try YAHOO
Just call her and see what is going all .
Get a guy friend 2 ask him and if he does go out with him
I have been divorced for 8 years now .
It just takes time before you realise you have found true love .
Honestly what you should do is exactly what you did .
When you are not doing your job and just sitting around thinkning of girls .
And do wut you think is right
If you wan na discuss it more deep then chat with me on yahoo pickut2001 @ yahoo.com seeya'roun ; -D
Jus be yourself and you are ok you  will get attention out of that
I think we all have our perfect someone out there .
Love is the most amazing thing you will never see , only feel .
How OLD ARE YOU ? , I CAN GIVE YOU AN IDEA , BUT I MUST KNOW YOUR AGE .
He 's always angry and yelling at me . so , I want to get as far away from him as possible .
If that does n't work try to inore her but most of the time that does n't work .
I do n't know what to do .
I met a married guy and then I met his wife and daughter .
Do n't chase him , make him chase you .
Her real father do not come around , ownly when he want 2 and he do not do anything for her .
4rm MY POINT OF VIEW NOTHIN IS WRONG W/ BEIN GAY/LESBIAN .
That depends on you was the sex good and r you now currently with someone else
Nope , you wo n't buy also a car , you did n't drive before !
Coz mysterious thing have a lot of Chalenge & Trill ! !
Umm . can i have your number . id like to call you sometime .
It sure does seem that way !
Tell your freind to get lost ! ! !
Then the date of marriage do n't worry .
Oh come on , Mrs. Howell is where it 's at !
Tell him 2 leave you alone ! ! !
Do n't hide the woman you love .
If you accually look like the avitar no .
I know I would have to be in love with a girl for that .
Do have sex with her as soon as possible .
Verry normal verry girls like gurly girl are like that so you are normal ( d )
Friend OR NOT , THEY WILL BETRAY YOU AT SOME POINT .
Get creative with out hurting her feeings . and never tell her what your getting !
But if you really like this then i think that you should ask him out .
Haha i like these other answers !
Like I said , get over it and just move on .
I do not know what you are saying
I Am not selling myself on here but i was just curious about this question .
My kids are just like any other kids out there .
Why , cuz it was a quick and easy answer and I did n't have to think .
Yea it 's hard I KNOW BELIEVE ME .
Girls of course girls are the first people to find a guy they like
See if they will befriend you and help you learn nu things .
If my wife is even slightly jealous of a female , I love it .
If you know he likes sports , talk about that . if you know he likes music , talk about that . etc .
Go to the supermarket and see what items a guy has in his cart .
If you look like your avatar , yes ( I 'm 14 )
Well WHAT I THINK YOU SHOULD DO IS JUST LEAVE HER ALONE ALL THE WAY .
A special meeting wth a friend hoping to get married in future
You NOR YOUR KIDS NEED THAT CRAP IN YA  WILL 'S LIFE .
I 'm not married yet but i do think that handling one wife would be tough enough already .
Or if you just do n't like her anymore , then you should feel no remorse for dumping her .
Get that list of things that would make him happy and do them .
Yes , , he just wants to getinto your panties
Get to know the person and NEVER hurry !
What do you do when you like 2 guys ?
Lol . sounds like hubby better wake up .
What happens should you & he break up ?
You can still be friends , but do n't push it .
I do not think that it would be completely right but that is me .
My face , I can seduce a man with my charm : )
Some people do cheat again and some people really do n't .
This is your life and your body take control and do what you want not someone else .
If you like that much ask her out
Do you know what you  are worth to YOURSELF ? ? ?
But be nice while saying it .
I say it 's wrong when girls just expect gifts and do n't wan na give . that is just a real bitch .
I think you can find them everywhere .
Do you actually hate him or was it just at that moment ?
Trust SOMEONE WHO 'S BEEN THERE , IT 'S NOT WORTH IT ! !
Because they get jelous when we have male friends ,
You wo n't know unless you do and if they do n't then you deciede to move on or not .
With some men you ca n't make them wait for too long once their ready .
Never rush into it , its a because for disaster
Hey really think like at 15 or 16 because there teens
Well an age would be better .
Ask yourself and talk to her nicely , why ?
Well if its been a year and you are still not happy , then yeah its time to say goodbye .
I do n't see anything wrong with Will .
* If you can not stop talking about her/him to your best friend
Well i do not like the phone to much cannot gauge how you are responding to me .
My wife sure would n't let me go alone !
I love him and he says ( and i know he does ) he still loves me .
Try and stay calm and not get irritated they will give up
Even worse is the fact that he thinks its okay to do that . man you really should get someone else
Yes , you  will see one day when you find the perfect persone
We tried telling her to stop , and she gets the point , but she just won ' stop !
It 's got ta be Ginger , She 's hotter and has a better name .
Well i hate to say this , but sounds like he has moved on .
And the the same letters show up on my Yahoo mail a month later ?
YOU do not find true love in 2 days or even 2 years .
Maybe offer up some cash too .
Lived in bedroom most my life best friend being a mirror and music .
It depends on how he reated when he found out you liked him .
He is either a mama 's boy .
Maybe I would have waited then I would not have gotten divorced .
Thier is a secret on that . try me and you will know
Meet her in public not at her place or yours .
Who cares what the family thinks he needs to love you not them !
But I never asked him if he loves me now .
When you  are in love , you just know !
Try to recognise that you r in love or you just wan na br friends .
Did he ask you this in the heat of the moment ?
If not than you should find someone who does .
If your not then you should move on .
Either way he is definitely a idiot .
Or do you mean you like girl things and act like a girl ?
Have to check local law books american indaian no
If your brother is younger that could bethe deal .
Not anymore : ) I  would say TALK .
In my family we only exchange gifts with kids !
If you even have to question in . get rid of him .
If you truely love eachother yes wait .
Just go out and start meeting guys , there 's bound to be nice guys out there .
But my advice is to go ahead and live with someone before marrying them .
They do n't get to see thire daddy anymore .
Its early if you get it from you are bf .
Go and do something fun with her .
Maybe you need a hug and some guidance
Marige is the leading because of divorce
Only problem is once they get a guy the do n't know what to do with him !
No do not do that take it slow it is a life time commetment
Iam from egypt plesse icanot find any frinds can you be my frind
You got ta make her want you .
That is just they way they are .
Just say hi . or send a sms .
I love steelers and i would wear normal clothes like sweat shirts and jeans
As much as you can handle have your cake and eat to enjoy !
What happens if it 's just for a one night hook up , the lean , built guy will win that one .
I love a guy who makes me laugh alot .
Just try and make it happen !
Obviously this girl is not that into you and likes the other guy more .
Most do not and they do not even know it themselves that they all lie most of the time
Maybe time will just tell why .
Get in the habit of doing something else . a playful dirty look , maybe .
Finally I asked him if he still loves his ex ( married with kid ) and he said .
Wll as for me it seems that you do not trust your girl . hey ! !
You do n't want him knowing your street address just yet .
Do n't let me get you down .
Looks , character , way of talking , style .
That Is how big girls look to me and most men that do n't like them .
Like maybe no one understands what 's it 's like for you ?
It 's a big world out there and it 's waiting for you to jump back in better than ever before !
Wanting to get revenge IS pathetic honey . move on .
Ouch , that right there spells trouble to begin with .
Why , do her letters show up on my company e-mail every day .
If you  are good enough to live with !
Or go to a strip club and just have fun ! ! !
Tell him exclusives like , ( example ) I would LOVE you to hit it from the back & spank me !
No it is not to young for a kiss !
Have you tried phone sex with your girlfriend ?
Friends mean well , that is all i can say .
Your DOOMED , TELL YOUR MAMA TO COOK SOMETHING AND LET YOU HAVE IT .
Because then you should talk to someone you trust and respect .
Then once he tells me that I would be like Well , would you ever see me and you together ?
Hey , I 'm in the same boat as you !
You guys need to communicate before you go and file papaers .
Ask someone that is coool with him to ask him 4 ya
And as far as I know , you only got one chance at it to make it work .
And this is important to me because ?
So we just need a break .
Do you mean morally or if they do this ?
Will your mom get over it ?
While at work , I keep my mind on my work .
Actually , I think it 's men who generally go by looks .
I have no real preference on body type , i mean i like my girls decent , i am human .
Aquarious , I looked it up for you
Know , so that i can find the guy and break his neck
Do n't try to make friends . Then you will have the best of them . trust me .
Do n't let him freakin move in with you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
It is about your heart ( s ) and not about the Stars at the skies ! ! !
Look at all the child predators out there . and the undercover cops that try to bust them .
Can you get them in a retirement home ?
Just be nice until things get better - -you do not want to call it off too soon
I 'm 55 and I still dream about a girl from high school .
Just be a man , step up and ask ! ! !
First kiss is not as serious as virginity , but it 's worth finding the right guy to give it to .
But I know how hard it can be .
As long as you like the person .
Are guys self-concious about this too ?
It cld just b a friend of his .
Embrace your new found freedom-you do n't need that dump truck of crap !
Of course it is just hope that they feal the same about you
Then ud know how real tough feels like and your life will become better and without any probs !
I almost lost my friend over a guy .
The feeling of care which we have for parents , bros. ; sisters and for friends .
Live life.if he did n't like you so what .
Its the person who makes it last .
You have sy . do you would want to take a coffe ?
If you do n't believe it can last then it wo n't .
Just buy her something and see if you are shivering .
I 've already read the book He 's Just Not That Into You .
I will not give my life story and my situation is not exactly the same .
No i do not think it is i think it is for both of them
Do n't worry IT IS NOT YOU !
Pls people . let me know what should i do to get my husband like bf .
That Is a hard one to answer because the interenet is so inpersonable .
My friend is always annoying when she does n't try to .
Plz HELP ME OUT . What should I do now ?
Depends if you are male or female .
You do n't want a guy that likes the fake you anyways .
But everytime I wan na end it , he does n't want to .
And just WHAT the HELL are you asking ?
Always with the good ole country girl .
Sorry . do not have good fun over the internet .
( insecure ) said of a person or their disposition : lacking confidence ;
That 's the way I see my wife .
I guess you could say he is interested in you .
To be honest none of them ! !
Everybody wants to be loved really bad .
I do not think it is too young to have a kiss on the cheak .
If you love your current boyfriend that much then you already know the answer
Has he got a computer and no so computer savy ?
Tell him you love him and then maybe he will love you
I never be one , but i think it should be really good hearing yourself and him saying the vows .
Do what ever you want it 's your life and I think it is perfect .
So good luck getting the answer to that one .
Read THAT BOOK and DO NOT call him .
Because if he is it can be weird because you  are in different stages of your life .
Believe me , HE WILL NOTICE THAT !
Give him time to figure it out but do n't wait forever , give him a time limit !
As in you wish you were a girl ?
Answering you & watching an old rerun of Jaws2 !
Tell him I do not love you but do it in a nice way .
I admit , there I times I wonder what if ?
Try to back off a little .
My friend is inlove with his friend , well they  are both guys .
I 'm a girl and as for me that 's sweetiest thing a guy would do . : )
If it 's single serve stuff , your in .
Am i in love with her/him ?
Take THE 1ST STEP TELL THE PERSON THAT YOU LIKE THEM .
Terrible excuse ; leave him out to dry
I ca n't seem to let her go .
What I would If I were in that situation would be to spice things up a bit .
But maybe you shld dig a little deeper into the case .
One day if she is walking walk with her and talk .
Is he worth fighting with your mom over ?
Because you look good but because you feel good .
Now if the guy does n't want you to get him something still get something .
Call him say I LOVE YOU .
Let them come over and chill out with them !
Y mostly boys wants to chat with girls but girls i think they do not wan na chat with boys
Most people do n't have the maturity to pick someone out for life at a young age .
Absolutly nothing , love knows no race-religon-or gender .
However , just call her up and tell her the truth ( gently though ) : that you want your things back .
I am Bisexual and I just came out and people are treating me A LOT different .
The friends are either not as mature , or jealose of his good looks , or both .
Yes i got like a billion chicks . ok only 3 this week , but next week a billion .
If you had you would not have learnd anything .
Yes just export or down load
Or have a stripper do it for you .
Big boobs and a sarcastic attitude . it worked for me .
Duh j/k become friends with them and make them tell you what they like and then screw them
Well pimpin are not easy got ta put them feelins aside and put that mac down
2 of my exhubands were abusers .
Most of those girl reckon married man have expirience , I think its crazy ! !
If it 's a friend who talks about sex and you sometimes like it then that 's good .
Hahahahhaahhaahhahahaha : ) If it smell like fish - RUN in the other direction : >
YOU need a chat room with females in it so you can talk to them there .
But the money and the anger is why i am so close to leaving .
Who cares if it does n't work out you LIVED ! ! !
Number one : your too young to have a boyfriend .
I love the way her eyes get when she looks at me .
Wait for 5 years and see
First of all , let me say i 'm glad for you bro .
( And I think girls are mostly the ones not to call back ! )
No . and if you think so you  are a creap
Start bragging about having casual sex , and you  will have even more .
When you fart in the bed with him .
He.s bored liven it up a lil use your imagination
Leave her alone- if she loved you she would n't have put you in that situation !
So it can work if you want it to !
And she is part of a soap unless she catches him red handed .
It all on you no age is actually right unless you are married !
If you have Plz e-mail me .
Nobody has answered my question but e-mail me and i will let you know livinlifeintheoc @ yahoo.com
She says 98 % of the time she likes it rough but I never last long enough to get aggressive .
Yeah its called a d i l d o/pen any thing like a stick
The MORE MONEY YOU HAVE THE CLOSER FRIEND I WILL BE
I 've seen her for 8 yrs .
Then we became together.I love him but he just likes me .
He wanted in here and I Am not going anywhere .
Hes a bad boy , and kind of turns me on .
Maybe your still in love wiht her .
Flirt and see if he responds .
Girls are tricks , you got ta play games to beat their games !
Me and my boyfriend r thinking about getting engaged for valentines 's day .
There will always be good humens with the bad ones
A lot more women then men go by heart then looks .
Well , you better look for a good personality and awesome looks !
Sleping with a guy does n't mean you love him .
Let him know how you feel .
You do n't want any mistakes later .
Some old guy in Texas who pretends to be nineteen or something ?
Your just the girl he sleeps with ? . No . you better show him how you feel .
Why do you want to know .
If you really loved or like the person it should not matter then race or color
You do n't got no time to waste dude .
You do n't want to hurt his ego .
And at 4 I ca n't say hey your daddy cheated and do n't love mommy anymore .
Anyhow , i apologize for being wordy .
She does not date people from work .
Diamond ring . oh yeah , got that this holiday : ) Why do I prefer it ?
Yes SOULD BE EVEN WORSE THOUGH .
I just want someone to talk to !
But if you are X really loved you then they would not have done that .
Right now , i still like him alot , and have n't gone out with anyone since the brake up .
People WHO KNOW BOTH OF YOU WILL EVENTUALLY TELL .
Some things have changed but i do not know .
Write him a letter and then go on holiday alone , to give him time to think about it
First you just tell her that you r always with her .
I said yes , he moved to where I live ( a looooooong way ) and we got married .
If he does n't want to talk then try a counseling .
Well i donno what SMS means but i wan na meetcha
I can its just i cannot trust him becuse i was used last time i said that
Can never have too much sex
How would i b able to tell him if i dated sumone else with out him hating me ?
Yes , but i 'm over the hill
Hey - if you like him , he 's fair game .
Get out while you can , run and do not look back .
Number two : yout too young to have a boyfriend on the internet .
To fight fairly , do the following : 1 ) Stick to the issue at hand .
They are only for fooling around with !
He looked sad , and walked away quietly .
Try to advice him and stay beside him
What two people feel is can not be bad .
Where are those girls , could some of those send me a message on my yahoo
Why  would you give your stuff to her in the first place ?
Write her a note with one small flower then she will know who and what your all about ! ! ! ! ! !
Do n't be afraid though , do n't show doubt .
Once a cheater always a cheater .
So if ya like girls go like girls its you are life ai n't know one stopping ya .
Take him out and show him different places and new people !
Just do n't get too over anxious and be Paitient . It will pay off .
Just start talking to her and get to know her more .
I Am in wa if you want 2 find out
Lazy inconsiderate husbands . : P the considerate helpful grooms just stayed in the wedding pictures
When i read something instead of my reading i have my mind somewhere els .
! I wan na see if he is THE BEST MATCH FOR YOU ARE BEAUTY N INTELLIGENCE ! !
Hope this can give the both of you alittle help .
Now can I ask you one back ?
Because you would n't like it if someone where doing that to you .
Umm who are you talking about ?
I Am wonderin if the only reason my bf stays with me is because i am incredible in bed ?
I ASKED HIM ABOUT IT BUT HE SAID THAT HE DOES N'T HAVE ANYTHING GOING ON WITH HER .
Man , you NEVER say that you  are ugly .
Men OVER THAT AGE TEND TO SETTLE ON ONE WOMEN .
Try GOING WITH THE GUY THAT LIKES YOU & IF HE IS NOT THE ONE BREAK UP WITH HIM !
No more stupid hiding , or getting mad at him because you want to play hard to get .
You ca n't build a relationship if there is no trust .
But you should take a break and go get your GED .
I will . even I know he is lying me or giving me a lot of pain .
Just TELL HIM YOU LOVE HIM ! !
Yep , but they never work out for me.But I approve
Is he way older than you ?
Men hunt and woman nest . keep that in mind !
When he tells you that he loves uy and he seems like he mines it
Dump him a cheatin friends not a good friend !
Then it do not so if you get it back then you had to get it off some one else
Juz KEEP SAYIN HI WHEN YOU SEE HER .
I do not see why people judge us .
I think some men are just not good at small talk .
Yes , wait for a few more years .
You do not , let a boyfriend find you
First of all , do not confront this girl .
Gods SPIRIT EMANATING OUT OF HER !
Get to know someone before you take them to your home . LOL
Does he think he 's hot stuff and you got ta put out his fire ?
Eww no EFFFEnse but it is GROSS
I just wan na know is it an attraction or more to it ?
Carrying around your anger is such a burdon , and its really not worth it .
But if you actually go out there and talk to your crush then it 's not as important .
Get a life , and look for another girl .
Just let it go , and only talk about it if he wants to ( and says so ) .
He tries to change , I can see that .
Plan A : Try talking to him and your freind again if that does n't work .
/ What is the real issue here ?
No why did you guys break up in the first place .
YOU should find someone who speaks you are language and the language of the contry you are in .
Did you break up or did he ?
I say it never too soon to fall in love .
Only if its something you both want you have to both want it .
I need help befor I rely mess up ! !
I Am a real playa but i do not wan na meet ya
Why would you care if there IS any ?
The girls will teach you , I would n't wotty about it .
Date of birth does n't matter more like date with guy .
If her accept your offert is a good way , if not . forget it .
First be friends , guys fall in love with the girls who are really good friends soo often : ) )
Well i do not know what you mean !
Whatever you do do not give up .
Me I AM LATINO AND I HAVE A SEXY BODY
Do Not sweat it there is plenty of boys out there let your girl have him
The rest of her are not so bad either !
Did you ask him why he wanted you to hit him with a coat hanger ? ?
I MEAN I CARE SO MUCH ABOUT THIS PERSON ITS CRAZY ! ! !
Not if it 's lust , because sex with lust loses the must important element .
Its nice if you get it from you are parents .
I agree with you all we have like 50 chicks for every guy
( People should n't knock it till they try it .
Or that she has no f * * * * ing idea what you are talking about .
Because they are idiots . men were put on this earth to be stupid .
Tell her if she ca n't trust you then you do n't need that in your life anyways .
Just tell him you have a bf just do not tell him who .
If he is shy he might just be afraid to ask you out .
But i 'm not that lucky yet .
I cheated aand she put me out .
Honestly , i  would just ask him face-to-face .
It wo n't hurt unless you have an issue between you two . }
Have a really nice car/ its an instant EYE CATCHER ! ! !
I know ya  will had some yrs .
There are some place like la try there if not then try a map lol
If you love her then it 's right .
Just be yourself , and honest , respectfull , and you will have any friend ya want
He does n't apologize to me about it , he 's apologized to the other girl though .
Even if the wife was the one having the affair .
Why do n't you try gettin ' close to her a lil bit ?
Did one of her friends ask you ?
If not then continue to be eye candy for the ladies .
Its kind of hard because of the sterotype that surrounds musclebound men .
Good LUCK AND PRAY FOR US THAT HAVE NOT FOUND OURS ( PLZ )
Its never to soon to fall in love
Do n't think about how hot she is .
Bottom line . suck it up and take what life throws at you .
How can I get her in the mood ? ?
Cuz I thought that was best for my child .
If 3 days later he does not call YOU CALL him , probably had appointments or something .
You should be pretty safe , but who would want to do it with you- BORING !
Wish you the best of luck , whatever you decide !
It sucks when you are n't even friends .
That IS A COOL POEM ! ! !
As a guy give him some space .
] , i do n't see a problem with divorce .
Oh telling the women you got two stores is that suppossed to get them interested in you ?
People will label you a slut .
Married AT 19 HERE AND THAT WAS TOO YOUNG .
If all he 's doing is chatting , then no biggie .
There ARE BIRDS , ANIMALS , FLOWERS , MOST PEOPLE HAVE NOT SEEN.SUNSETS THAT WOULD TAKE YOUR BREATH AWAY .
So i make it short and to the point .
He was waiting to see if he was going to get something if he stayed married to her .
I Am SURE SOMEONE ELSE WILL ASK YOU IF NOT ASK SOMEONE ELSE .
Find someone to spend the rest of your life with
Well . what if he is just as lost as you ?
I Am tired of taking him back .
Get out before it 's too late .
Loosen up and let him have it ! ! !
You DO NOT YOU JUST HAVE TO TRUST HER UNTIL YOU CATCH HER
Its just a gig so no .
! i have a few friends - he 's tall she 's short .
! beauty lies in the eyes of beholder
Also why is it that they are no longer married ?
Just go up to her and be yourself .
And penis is not the only way you can satisfy woman .
Yea i think its a day to show someone you love them anyone a friend a boyfriend girlfriend .
Try yahoo 's personals site , it 's free
I have a friend who has a boyf that is horrible to her , calls her stupid too and everything .
She 's a freshman-You  are a junior , remember what it was like !
If you ca n't trust your mate , it 's just not worth it .
Sorry I just dream about marrying my boyfriend a lot .
I hope someone answers this so i will know too .
Sounds like you love her very much !
Just ask . are you trying to be creative ?
Other people come and go , but you are always with yourself .
Or desperate to get in your pants .
Some guys actually like big eyes .
Keep your hands in your pocket !
Tell him your not ready and you do n't know when your gon na be ready .
I cannot sleep when i close my ays so i just see her .
My wife is a good woman .
I just do n't , and apparently she do n't either .
Ask ' Do you care if I call you sometime ?
But dreams remind you that you do .
And if she ai n't , you wo n't ever see your things again !
Try to impress her some how- do anything that sounds good .
Dump him you are not a trash can
My bro had the same prob .
I 'm chatting with a guy from another country the last few days and i do wonder ?
Welll IF YA LOVE HER THAT MUCH ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
What is SO wrong about it ? ? ?
Good insight on this kind of thing .
If gays get married , it becomes same as normal marriage later .
What if you never get married ?
Sure if you want to lose your husband in future .
Just BE REAL WITH HIM AND HE  WILL COME AROUND .
And why would you want to make someone love you that is fake .
Just as if I asked you a question what is so wrong with being a Black ?
When i call him on it he denys it
Listen , my dear , it 's all about doing you .
YOU r reciving this message so wat do you think ?
There are so many ways to liven up things . do not just let it fall by the way side .
My boyfriend and I just starting dating .
Do not do it keep it to email only fix what you have first
And if the girl is worth it she  will apreciate you and say yes !
Choose sweet but not cute because they respekt you
Call her but if you think something is going on like she does not like you then dump her
YOU have to have a lot of luck with you and be there a good time .
So my answer would be no .
Just tell her to stay out of thier way and have friends over more .
Size is a GOOD thing and you either have it or you do n't .
You are a good woman or you would n't be worried about your marriage .
If your girlfriend is happy her mum will be happy .
And now . oh my god my sms is being read by a crazy man as well LOL
Break up with her and say i did not want to do this i am very very sorry
This may not have benn wat you wanted but i tried . love MS cowgirl .
Children ) then what do you have to lose ?
Good luck anyway whatever you decide to do !
Hang out with your girlfriends , go shopping , pursue a hobby , watch TV , whatever , spend some time alone , enjoy yourself .
Men play at love to get sex , women play at sex to get love .
Who 's always honest listens to your problems gets along great with you has your back
Showing that picture of your good looking self is a good start !
Forgive them but do not forget their names .
Find a kinky chick that is down
I mean , what if she wants to treat him like her REAL husband ? ! !
Do n't waste a friendship over a stupid ( or great ) guy .
Ya it is possible if you both love each other very much .
YOU cannot only the person if they honest will tell you
Spare me . sounds like a load of bull .
So sometimes guys will say that so the girl will have sex with him .
Women do it all the time to men .
Nope nope nope they all dogs
( WELL THERE ARE LOTS OF THINGS . )
There really is no answer to that question because it really depends on the girl .
Sometimes they have different looks on things , sometimes they think differently .
I Am great actually 2day is my birthday
Is something that nowadays people make a big deal out of it .
To ME IT SEEMS LIKE SHE WANTS HER CAKE AND EAT IT TO .
Every thing except doggy . what 's urs ?
Wow , I did n't know there were 7 seas ! ! !
You are being played as a sucker .
If he really loves you , he wo n't even think about it for one second .
No sweetie , I 'm not even considering it . ; )
If he likes you a lot he will give everythign you want .
I would ( sell ) it , and make a nice profit while i could
You Are never too young if you love the person you are getting married to ( or if hes rich ) or both .
Well i hope this will help you. ; )
A nice smile and a good heart . ooops that is 2
Such detailed dream can get you pregenant .
Good Men ! = Good + Men .
YOU seem to be a tranny .
Club cofee shop store you tell me
Okay , you 've fallen down , it 's time to get back up .
Hi first loved you then suddeny got a new girlfriend .
Together , good or bad , but you deserve better .
Please do not listen to that stupid answer she just gave you .
Just now I read some gay guy who wants a hummer .
Good women always find good men . ( I guess you got the answer ; )
Women are jealous beings . esp when it comes to their bf having female friends
If she looks at you while you  are not talking .
If the two of you are into it , then yeah .
Ha ha you do n't you have to catch her doing something wrong behind your back ! !
Why would you want to be with a guy that does not love you - - ? ?
Then after some time , see if he 's ready
You will have to ask him that ! ! ! !
I do not think we made it out of the parking lot that night . ; )
Besides once someone does truly love you . he will come back begging anyway .
If he care he will try , i said TRY and do this
It could be lots of fun !
$ 100 all day long any jeweler .
If she threw you off , she obviously does n't want a romantic relationship with you anymore .
Kiss another guy in front of him
If she glares at you . forget it !
You  are gon na do what you  are gon na do anyways , right ?
Yes you should.coz fightin is not a good experience atleast for me .
( put the gun on the table and talk to him ) . or . fine . just talk to him .
So many are looking for something they ca n't have instead of keeping the person they are with .
What a girl do for when she wants to kiss me too ?
Maybe , who knows , only time will tell , wait and see
Guess you r trying to keep up relations with one n many . making others insecure ! ! ! !
My ex used to call me her Poet Lover .
Geeze , I hate it when really good looking people are so boring !
Groose kidding i meant your question
So , if he can do it so can you !
If she really cares for you , having a smaller penis will not matter .
Should I GO AHEAD AND CALL CHEATERS .
Actually , I 'm going to marry him .
Boys just look in for girls couse they like them or they just think they r hot
Ya he is right and i do n't want get arested + you r too young
Yes it is colour should not matter
Pls help me . PS : give me geniune replies . this is very much serious to me .
Ok . First of all . stop with the suicidal shit . not gon na help you .
Well i ca n't answer that because i have a friend i do n't like either .
So TRY TO KEEP YOU ARE MIND OFF HER AND KEEP YOU ARE SPIRITS UP .
As mentioned earlier lawsuits and begging work
But if you are gay and looking for a religion where that wo n't be sinning , there is n't one .
So , how does she know that you like her ?
? , sorry i do not know what that is
It feels like if my mom does n't even like me .
You are a fool for staying . not leaving .
Just imagine him being a father !
That Is why you keep thinking about her.you wnat her back to how things was when ya  will got married
Click THE HISTORY BUTTON NEXT TO THE BUTTON THAT SAYS MEDIA
People who are not kind and selfish are very ugly
You fill out your own LONG paperwork but it 's cheap ( like under $ 200.00 ) .
Leigh 's answer . to the point .
If a man called me a freak i would take that as an insult .
Typing this . and eating my dinner . and you .
Should I TELL HER WHAT I THINK OR MOVE ON .
Getting points for anwsering this and just hanging around my house before i go into work tonight
Funny , great conversationalist , big brown eyes , great looks .
If he keeps on pushing about gettin ' it on - you need to move on .
Take your parents with you , if you can .
Maby you 2 should go you are seperate ways for a while .
Then she came back to me sayin that she did n't want that guy anyway .
Guys shoudl n't just be Oh what 's the best way to get this hot girl in bed with me !
Are you having problems with your wife ?
But if you loved her you will never truely forget her an you will always love her .
Yes i am : ) ym me : )
Us women think we are going to hurt their feelings .
Id love to . hey i am online on yahoo . buz me at im_me_hotmale @ yahoo.com hope to talk to ya
You should try to hang out with him .
If she gets upset only after realizing she ` s wrong , tell her to SUCK IT UP .
But that is up to you .
I live with a bunch of racist rednecks but i am not racist .
Or the person is just so dense .
Its happened before and will happen again ! ! ! ! !
I would give him three strikes and he 's outta there !
Find another one atleast for 5 years ! ! ! ! !
Yes i am . hit me up with info . me69dou2 @ yahoo.com
I just bought one last year
Try your local Biker Bar . If your Butt Ugly you should score around closing time .
Me me me me me me
The head nurse could n't check him in .
Divorce is not a horrible thing .
The WORST THEY CAN SAY IS NO .
Trial and error , do n't come on too strong , and have fun !
If he or she truely care about you there 's no reason why he or she should cheat .
Ask the married men some times the girls do not know
E-mail me so we can talk about this : wilsonfreetorhyme @ yahoo.com
And you have the 411 so why not .
. behave yourself and come on . how can you even think about it !
Sorry , but Mom is ALWAYS right . and it REALLY sucks to hear I told you so
Be gentle but confident and do not look scared !
She already has one child and her mother takes care of it .
Best bet : KEEP YOUR PANTS ON UNTIL YOU GET MARRIED
I do n't like big girls because they do n't look good to the eye .
Then in december she broke up wid me cuz she started likin another guy .
She really will if you do that ok ?
You see where I 'm going here ?
She will think you are a stalker .
Say i am not ready to make a huge commitment yet being friends is best for me right now .
Yeah there really is something wrong .
Leave him because he is not worth it but because you can do better
Do you always show what you have .
The only good men around r the men us women would not want , like the less attractive , mor geeky ones .
I am not looking for a BF
You need to weight out your options .
If you do n't like that lose weight .
In my opinion guys only like foreign girls because they think that they are more sexy
He wants you for sex and you know it .
They  are all happy dreams & they  are all different .
Don try to show them off too much .
There are men out there who are willing to love and BE loved ( I am one of them ! )
4. ooo ear lobe sucking . every guys has his different spot , but you get the idea .
Ok I have been dating this girl for almost a year that I met in yahoo chat .
Yes because your great-grand mother and his great grand mother would be sisters .
If they have their mouth open and they  are male
So if you stay with him then you realize that what he wants and nothing more .
But FOR NOW GO ON WITH YOUR LIFE .
Aww that is so sad well needless to say she was a bitch !
How can i convince him i did n't mean it ?
Give her red rose and kiss
Do you know what a womans 5 basic needs are ?
Because I really care what they think .
If not , he 's not worth your time !
I call my fiance Bubba and Baby .
But listen do n't let other people juge and role your life .
Furthermore guys need friends just like girls need their friends .
Let him have a little bit , offer him a snack you know ?
She has started TALKIN ' to that guy .
Anyway , You should do what ever makes you happy .
Clearly he is not just friends with you - he is still hung up on you .
There IS NOT A PLACE LIKE THAT NO WHERE .
Let her do what she wants .
( some of these cost as little as $ 20 ) .
Yes EVERY SITUATION IS DIFFERENT BUT YOU HAVE N'T GROWN UP YET , SO TO SPEAK .
I 'm sure it 's was she 's waiting for .
I just watched weekend at bernies , and now i am answering yur question . wutr you doing ?
Ask her out and if she says Yes , that 's mean she likes you .
What Is it mean and what should i do now ?
I 'm a good man , just not latino .
If you are the bride , its really up to you .
YOU always need somebody like that so you  will never feel you  are not worthy .
It is not weird at all , my husband loves my toes !
I really do not know what to do .
Pls dont try , get out of mine , its better that you buy a dog .
Do you realize what this means ?
Um skool bumping into each other acciedently
That Is just nasty i would never have a stanger in my house
Uh huh , you wa n't someone to pay your way . right .
Size does matter and movements matter
Well if you guys are close you should tell her .
Tell her what she wnats to hear .
I could please my man lol ! ! !
As long as the person makes you happy .
But a kiss on the lips , 7th grade is a little too young for that .
If you love her , yes , go for it .
I love her very much and I would do ANYthing for her .
I preffer all of thee above : P
Or does it matter . keep in mind i would be a very good catch and a great hubby
I  would be freaked out if you were my bf .
And my boyfriend does not know either lol .
Ok oohing and aahing aside were you wet down there does she eat pea-nuts during sex ?
My favorite color brown and blue
In making friends , first thing i know is to be nice .
Ask i am , if e realy likes you e would n't wan na ly .
Omg . i never do it so i do n't know . lol bit i guss it 's reallie sweet .
How would you feel if he did that to you .
Please do not say just ask that would be to akward .
If you really have to ask that , then i think you already know the answer
So do n't let things get really bad .
That does happen in many cases.many often they make ideal couples too .
Go on to a female chat room
Guys can be a little NOT showy sometimes which is a male thing ; ) Hope this helps .
Go for fantasy , live life with no regrets
First night , first night of what ?
Even IF IT IS WINTER AND FREEZING COLD.IT WILL BE THE MOST NERVOUS , SWEATY , PERSPIRATION FILLED DAY OF YOUR LIFE .
That you do n't to share her with anyone eles .
All shades of blue and pink
Of course there is , just how to do it ?
Not making yourself stick out like a sour thumb .
That is a disgrace to mankind , so do n't even think about it ! !
Just tell him what you really feel for him , maybe she also into you !
What if money came up missing ?
So i told him str8 up 4 him not 2 say that unless he ment it .
If he 's not calling anymore & things like that .
Everyone gets married on the right time in there relationship .
But some people think it 's for a guy to shower the girl w. love and gifts .
4 ) Finally I asked him if he still loves his ex ( married with kid ) and he said .
But hes still da same : ( I just ca n't leave .
Should i say yes or no or what ?
Although my type is a white guy but i am not predjudice .
Dump him , and go do things that make you happy with other people who make you happy .
You sound like you  are a kid .
Whatever you do DO NOT use a lame pick-up line !
If you do n't like to date drunk guys , dump him for whatever reason
So instead we stay in relationships we do not want .
And no animal sex is not appropriate either the same rules apply .
* Love happens when your not looking .
Girls do n't like shy or weak guys !
Have the other girl tell her .
Might take some time , but it  will be worth it in the long run , if that 's what your up for !
Guys are pretty much going to do what ever you  will let them .
Try to go out with him and see what happens .
If there pupils are dialated then you know .
We are all hot in our own way .
At least you wo n't spend the rest of your life wondering about what could of been .
Three Fwd Wishes : Grace = > Mercy = > Peace .
Take that break and do n't let him in your bed !
So do n't do it to yourself .
If you think that two women being together is sick , then why ever answer the question ? ? ? ?
I do not think it matters if your white , black , purple , yellow , etc .
I ask her nicely please do n't do this .
But i told him that i do not know any thing about this but wants answer from me .
Well because he felt like it you are mom hates girls luvyo bro sry
We are friends now but we do n't have feelings for eachother .
I fall 4 you now can we go out ?
It a * * * * * * smells like fish she needs to see a doctor
Do you hang mostly with him ?
Most girls like the mature guys .
Have you thought about what you could win ?
You JUST NEED TO STOP LOOKING AND SOON THEY WILL FIND YOU .
Send Her flowers and chocolate MORON girls like that I should know
Hope i helped you : ) sry if i did not : (
I 'm assuming you mean that you  are cheating on her .
Live YOUR LIFE SO THAT YOU WO N'T REGRET NOT DOING IT LATER .
Or , get someone to do it for you .
Mary Ann . I like brunettes better than redheads
No . no girl would want to go home with a stupid idiot like you .
I do not exactly know where we stand in a relationship . ANY TIPS ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Just BE CAREFUL CUZ WHAT GOES AROUND COMES AROUND !
He sounds like a pretty decent guy but just not the guy for you .
Find her & talk to her !
If he is a nice guy then you should totally keep him !
I have some stupid popup that wo n't go down and i ca n't turn off the speakers . elevator music , nooooooooo !
But my boyfriend is my best friend but do not ruin your relationship ok .
Now his ex wife maybe coming back to him .
You do not want children with problems , do you ?
Go right ahead if you like them and they like you back .
I say , just go over and start talking !
Yes you are supposed to please a woman .
But ask yourself are you mentally and physically ready ?
I just wish for you that YOU get a Real n loyal friend .
Yes he 's just not ready to tell you yet
Do n't concentrate on hatred , it will consume you to death !
Remember , in the end , its just you .
I Am 15 m and nice to talk to as a cool friend
Where can i find a great guide to lesbian sex positions ? ?
Oh love that does not sound good : ( i am sorry to say but i do not think he is worth it .
Entertain her with some small talents .
If you  are not happy then why should you stay with him ?
Go g ! ve he @ d to a female fish and then you can tell us all what it smells like
The kids stilll need their dad but you do not need a looser for a husband .
This is such a crazy question that people think needs to be answered .
You just like that certain type .
This kind of thing makes me mad !
Yes , though it depends where you go .
( secretly ) and i 've found no colficts with culture and otherwise .
And on v-day give her roses and ask her out .
It depends from whom you get kiss .
As for you- find something interesting to do for that time .
Just be your self most of the time that works good luck : p
First thing is , me and my ex have split up and got back together alot .
Just ask her if she has a bf .
Being a girl i suggest gift her a set of ring , necklace and earing is best . enjoy
I did , and it worked out nicely
Are you mental . of corse its wrong !
But tell her what you want its the way you say it nad mean it is what it conts
People JUZ THINK ITS WEIRD GOIN OUT W/ THE SAME SEX YOU ARE .
And think that if you do not have it something is worng .
Stop being so shallow about a hot one .
I 'm ready to give in or give up .
3 months , at that age it took about 3 days for me !
Wondering how stupid one must be to use ' you ' instead of 'you ' .
Break up with her she will be more sad if you do n't do n't make her the bystanderd
Kids are going to be a problem .
I was going to say yo momma .
If you want someone to talk to practicallie_sane @ yahoo.com is my e-mail
I loved a guy for 4 years , and he loved me , too . or so I thought .
Tell her how hurtful they can be
Figure out what you did wrong !
As many times as their schedule allows
By the way do not listing to the dude with spell check because his a churk .
He cn/cnt be lyn- people usually don ly abou these stuf .
He does n't love you boo . why waste your treasure on him ?
I persue guys kind of agressivly , it works for me .
Imagine if they both divorce you and each one takes half of everything , you  will be left with nothing .
Alot of guys cannot handel me .
I do n't know what to talk about .
You know , it 's just creepy that your looking for a girlfriend in a chat room . what are you ?
Yea , they married the all sweet girls lol !
Anyone who says so is called a racist .
Becasue we are obviously not allowed male friends with you guys getting jealous .
So your not alone and so you feel loved .
What are you interested in . girls ?
And make sure ask her out !
If you oppose it maybe you should stay in your own affairs .
Go to a bar and PARTY ! ! ! ! ! !
Best of luck to you in life , love , and happiness .
I could be a friend too .
Let me know if you are out there .
Feel like you could n't have more bad luck if you offered to buy it ?
Hang out with friends keep yourself busy .
Try to think of the kind of stuff he likes and work with that . ex .
Do you like long walk on the beach too
You do not want to wake up one morning and think Oh my god what have I done ? ? ? ? ! ! !
Do not look too hard though , you may never find him .
It seems easy but it ai n't jess n dave
I need a dish that looks , smells and tastes great , but is foolproof , because i am a fool .
I think it might mean if you ever wanted to be friends with benefits he is willing so call .
Someday he  will come 2 you. there is a person 4 every person out there .
If she really cares about you she  will come back .
Or even on the subway or in a store .
Let it go and move on !
Someone who is my age i mean like 13-14 .
A guy is just a guy .
Infact IT HAS BEEN PROVEN THAT MORE MARRIED WOMEN CHEAT THAN MEN .
YOU r any one else should not want 2 be labeled as a freak .
You ca n't take back words - you said it , he believed it .
( Notice I mentioned nothing about looks , job , or money . none of that really matters to a truely sincere woman ! )
Do n't be a fool and fall for the same line alot of girl do .
Hell dump you right after sleping together .
But like i said you need to sit him down and talk to him about it
If he acts suspicous then leave it at that for then and do some detective work .
But men and women define their need for space differently .
Just like the stuff at the store that is half price , why is it so cheap ?
Whe you are in it , you know !
Try watching Bueaty and the Geek , you  will c wat I mean
I did not think I was doing anything wrong !
If they call you beautiful not hot .
Tell her that you can satisfy the needs of both of them .
You are going to regret it i promise you .
Pshhh . i am jus as stunned as you are .
If you are not religios , and she is OK with that , then it should not be a problem .
Are you going to be going around the whole world collecting your stuff back ?
B/c I do n't want to hurt anyone 's feelings .
My reply to that is : I WILL IF YOU FIND LOVE IN ME . : ) READ THIS . : )
Dump his butt , have some self respect .
Sooner or later she  will realize what a nice person you are !
I mean did she break up with you because she thought you called her ?
Every time i fall in love here it hurts !
Tell her she  will let you know !
Just go up their and said will you go out with me and ask her for her number
I 'm very desperate to know my answer !
Hot chicks do n't get to talk to a lot of great guys becuase everyone is intimidated of them .
Meaning for meaning is to mean that it doesnot have a meaning lol
We are double dating w/ my sister and her boyfriend .
Sometimes good enough is just that
2 's company , 3 's a crowd , 4 's too many , 5 's not allowed .
At THIS POINT IN MY LIFE AM READY TO GIVE UP .
From your situation . dump him . you said that its stale already .
I love him and i fell wonderful with him
Sure , just load it in the picture area .
Keep a distance with you are friend . since you already know it
Hook him up with a F * * king f a g
YOU ca n't make someone love you even if you try .
Because they take their life and love lightly .
I do what ever i an to look really hot around him
Do you really want a girl whose mother is gon na control her life ?
Just be nice & polite & be yourself . If that is not enough you can always ask ! ! !
Now I have fun and enjoy my life I 'm the one that is important .
Tell him that 's not you are style .
If you still have feelings for this guy that does complicate things .
I do n't see anything wrong with that !
I was not able to just forgive & forget !
I think you  are totally right about this not being a place for gay bashing .
Like prett farve , hes was really good but now hes not so good .
Yep love is just one of those annoyin litle things in life that you have absouletly no control of .
If you play hard , you  will get the GRAND PRIZE ; )
I was 15 when i first met him .
I do not remember any who did not .
It might be wrong for the involved person , but not you .
I Am not sure , but i am in 8th , and 13 , and still never did , and i am PROUD of it ! ! !
After all , she 's your best friend so its perfectly understandable that you like her .
If they become obstreperous , I have one of my minions trounce them .
( for e.g ask him to call you whenever he feels ok ) .
By the way we are both females and not gay : - )
Not any god I wan na know .
Trust me , i am 19 and they  are still like that at that age
I can not tell you how shallow that is !
And for what , to appease some god ?
If she wants it give her another chance .
As LONG AS YOUR HEART IS AS BIG AS YOU THAT IS , ALL THAT MATTERS .
Yes there is nothing wrong with it to me .
Why do you called it love when both of you cheated and lie to each other ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
If you do it real well , he might graduate you to baseball bat . now that 's where the real fun starts !
And I could not be happier w/ ANYONE else .
I can tell you this , most guys i met do n't care so they do it any ways .
. so i quit talkin to her , in search of a smarter woman .
But do n't go around kissing everyone !
Depends if he was my size and I liked the choices of clothing he wore . !
Lol but you should just make sure your there for him !
Yes , he likes you , he is just shy .
Al Greene , Luther Vandross , whatever you like , just do n't have it so loud that you ca n't talk .
Do n't wait until after Valentine 's Day ! !
So ignore him , and do not show him any kind of interest !
Yes , but that is not the way to bet .
If the guy does not like you for who you are then he is not worth it !
I do n't see what the problem is .
Just come out and tell her that you want her to be you gurl !
But make sure nothing comes out of it , unles of corse you  are married .
I like this guy but i hate askin guys out but do think i should ask him out
For awhile , but then they are always looking if there is nothing else to back up the relationship
Pick up your bible and read it and you  will know what love is .
Do try to watch the kind of foods she packs in her cart though !
I DO NOT KNOW WHAT TO DO ABOUT MY MOMS DECISION !
Here YOU GO CHECK DIS OUT ! !
And besides whatever makes the two of you happy is what counts .
By the way how old are you ? ? ?
Depends on the man . drop me a response .
I know it 's hard , but try and pity them .
If she 's made it clear to you that it 's over move on .
Well , first look for a girl that likes you .
I know it is hard but you should definately NOT call him .
First off . why does n't your family approve ?
If not then I just defiled my hairbrush for no reason ; )
I know how hard it is .
I 'm 18 and can not wait to get marry .
Yes you are way too young to be thinking about marriage
The easiest way would be yahoo messenger
I am an 18 year old christian male that is to put it frankly horny .
If that 's the case then do n't worry about what they think .
After the squealing ask them to be in your wedding .
So y not in love ? ? ? ?
But , ( there 's always a but ) , you also have to think about what would make BOTH of you happy .
But cannot find anything about it
Wait a bit- do not be so eager
If she wants it and you take it easy , she will want you even more !
If he'solder that could also be it .
Just remember , be a gentleman and do n't kiss her on the first date .
If you ca n't get things together then you do n't like each other and you are not ment to be .
( Or Husband Swap if that ever comes about - it is only fair ! )
Keep yourself busy . VERY BUSY so that you ca n't think about it .
Well you answer your own guestion stupid there it is
Have a real serious talk with him .
Be the bigger man ( you know what i mean ) !
I got married 2 months back . I had a boy friend and had physical relations .
Can you be trusted do you like to laugh need more info
To catch guys , guys want a chase , not easy .
I was 15 , she was 21 .
If he 's smiling and looking at you then sure , he likes you .
That Is why everyone knows except the wife .
It is wrong for gays to get married !
If God did n't want homosexuals then he would n't have put that on earth .
He 's a really nice guy . loved by everyone , a crowd darling I may say .
Are you playing with your dad 's computer ?
Now here is a heads up for how guys think .
Nearly 11 , or 12 they mature
Man i DID pick the wrong day to stop sniffing glue
I feel it is ok coz we are free people , and can do so .
If you nt satisfy plz email me at fastfellow2000 id in yahoo.i hope you will satisfy.thanks
If you love this guy and he loves you then go for it .
As long as i already knew the girl and we had some chemistry
Sure its been done plenty of times .
He said my voice is sexy too , esp .
Tust me you  will know when you meet the right one .
There really SHOULD NOT BE any guys who fit your description ! !
I will be pretty weird do n't and do n't make from your self the first talk of the people
Throw a big party and then tell them about it and then they  will b like omg i lve you
I say you will know when its time !
Be honest and true to your self
But maybe he just wants to spice up your sex life ?
If you do not take charge fo your life , who would ? ?
Dbl wahmy . as a female would that be something that would turn you off ?
And IF YOU SHARE IT WITH SOMEONE , IT WILL ADD A LITTLE MORE GOOD TO YOUR WORLD .
Just make sure you do not mess up or lie .
Black ps I am not african american
Maybe she also loves HERSELF and HER LIFE !
But hey i am only one person .
Do n't make it too big or expensive .
Kind Of , but I knew someone who got married at 18 .
Yep , having sex with your self !
Make sure she is a lesbian too .
Can you tie your shoes now ?
Well it sounds to me like you have n't found real love at home or abroad .
In this case , either he plain lied or he has issues ( abusive issues or just bad personality )
I would not want a guy to like me for my body parts ! !
I care about him but I 'm not sure if I want to end up marrying him .
Take A BIG DEEP BREATH N SAY HI START A CONVERSATION 2 SEE WAT YOU GUYS HAVE IN COMMON .
She is coming back in 5 years .
I kissed a guy on the check in 2nd grade !
Works like the rabbit but way cheaper .
Flirt first see if she responds well to that and then ask her
Pitts . why do you care what others think ?
Unless you  are fat and ugly , say hi to them .
; ) But Rascal 's right - if one has love in mind and the other lust , it wo n't work .
You  will never know until you lose it ! ! !
He already went out with this other chick after me .
Just stuff that they know that means thnx 4 being my bridesmate i hope i helped ya a little
I always believe that guys asks girls out .
If she 's rude . chances are she 's not worth pursuing .
We  are good friends too ( have recieved many hugs ! ) .
Cheating : There are people who are capable of it , and there are people who are n't .
YOU guys broke up . that means that you do not love each other .
You do n't give ring unless you are married already or you want to be .
E : A very sweet guy who needs to move on .
I wonder if anyone else really wants to be happy .
I need more info about you .
First of all how do you dress .
The ugliest woman is a man because he 's no woman
If you really are that bad of a cook .
Just go talk to the girl , be friendly and give you are relationship some time .
Do the things you could n't do because the ex did n't want to do them .
But if you  would like , you can work at a tobacco farm or work in the summer time .
Depends whenever you no you are both ready and no you all want to spend the rest of you are life together
I tried to leave him so many times but i am the one who always look like the fool .
I do n't know what to do .
If you have them on the ropes , whipped or sprung yes otherwise no .
Maybe WE GIRLS DO NOT BELIEVE YOU TO THAT EXTENT . WELL YOU CANNOT BLAME US 4 THAT .
Look at all the pretty grrrs here !
He did n't like the break up .
Is 7th grade to young to have your first kiss ?
I HAVE WAITED FOR A LONG TIME TO FULL IN LOVE WITH THAT SPECIAL SOMEONE .
Typing the answer to this which is typing the answer to this
You 've been dating her for months now right ?
Man , I thought you were married anyway ? ? ? ?
Plus , i had an uncle who had 2 wives , they could n't live together in one house .
Track her down and ask her what gives .
And she will save you alot of heartache even though you do not believe it .
In a joking kind of way .
A guy they ca n't figure out drives them nuts .
So I suppose God thinks animal-luvin is okay !
Trust IN MOMENT AND LIVE IN JOY
Believe in true love , it is out there , but do n't go looking 4 it and do not look too hard .
Ok I  will tell you what it is but promise you  will never play with your dad 's computer once again .
We fight because he does n't seem to care that much .
Do n't hate me because I 'm honest .
Sorry , you need to figure that out , that is something only you know the answer to
My daughter says she hates it here and wants her daddy back .
Flowers and sweets wo n't do it .
42 % of guys are good guys .
Three Fwd= > Wishes : Grace = > Mercy = > Peace .
If he does not know what you are worth then he does not deserve you in the first place .
Girl I think he 's playing both of you . He probably do n't want either of you
Do n't force anything , that 's the key .
If you have to ask you have a lot to learn .
I had myself done this with my girlfriend a couple of times- and not for cheating ! !
If you get a reaction , great .
But those your man love you .
Talk to a buddy , the men at church , people who I would n't worry about .
If they have not , then it is completely wrong .
Two : She could be cheating & she is afraid you  will know or already does know .
Ask him what he thinks of you
Talk to her about why she does n't want you seeing him .
If you want a genuinly good guy , just be yourself , and love yourself and that guy will find you .
Maybe HE should dump your butt because you  are an OLD STORK !
Well THINK ABOUT IT WOULD YOU WANT YOU ARE BOYFRIEND DOING THE SAME THING TO YOU. I DO N'T THINK SO .
Why did n't you go with her ?
It is sad to say that to most guys do care about weight .
Think about what you would do if you were her .
Do n't bother , he probably is n't worth it anyway .
Diamond RING THEY ARE GIRLS BEST FRIENDS
I do n't care what it is .
Nevermind that the guy might be a great guy .
Any guy who 's out there and does n't care about the girls feelings , is n't doing for the right reason .
Is it too difficult to say GOOD BYE to somebody who treats you like garbage ? ?
I think you are a bit too young for a relationship .
If you love him , keep lovin him .
If i was to flirt with you it 's because I like you .
Nowadays with aids out there Sure it is a good thing !
That HE HAS NOTHING 2 WORRRY ABOUT !
If you BREAK your PROMISE , you Can not be TRUSTED ; If she BREAKS hers , she is FORCED to do so .
Watch sports woth him and do not complain , suck his c0ck and bring him a beer
Please , LEARN TO LOVE YOURSELF FIRST .
I too , am going through the same thing .
Tell him that it is YOUR day not his .
Are you freaking serious with this question .
Or atleast until they breakup , and even then you should talk to her first .
If he really loves you look at what love is and what it is not .
That is way to small for you and i and you should kno that .
But still you cannot get over him/her .
But just be his friend for now because it sounds like that is what he needs .
Let me knw the website plz .
She kne wyou would get upset , that is why she did not tell you before .
If he 's with a girl or married leave it alone it 's not worth it .
Why is n't he 'doing ' me now ?
Love and trust , ca n't have one w/out the other ! !
I found out to be nice to her and just be your self .
But ask yourself What am I feeling , What is he feeling ?
( and I am really not trying to pass judgement here , just being fair ) .
Especially if you are not doing anything wrong .
Second : have you been drifting away from her ?
Of course , the flip side of love , is . what ?
If you think about him in a cushhy way , do n't !
Well . FINK YOU SHOULD LEARN GRAMMAR PROPERLY AT FIRST . COZ YOU ARE QUES DIN MAKE ANY SENSE WIFOUT IT .
As man sex is a must must ! !
Need to impress girls , then do n't try to act smart .
Well to quote Eddie Murphy It 's a d_k thing .
I fyou want an outdoor wedding with the leaves turning , the fall .
Because it always was my fault.its something alot of man and woman have just the do n't all say anything .
Right and w will be married soon .
Not from dog not from cat .
When you find the one of corse
Not at all , I never come online here .
You ca n't really talk at all .
Maybe that is all you need to do .
That Is soo weird i feel the exact same way wow !
If YOU DO N'T TRUST HER THEN YOU DO N'T LOVE HER YOU JUST THINK THAT YOU DO .
I Am headed to chicago one weekend a 12hr road trip
You ca n't really talk at all .
Maybe that is all you need to do .
That Is soo weird i feel the exact same way wow !
If YOU DO N'T TRUST HER THEN YOU DO N'T LOVE HER YOU JUST THINK THAT YOU DO .
I Am headed to chicago one weekend a 12hr road trip
I think you should forget about her .
Or by not trying to look at him much .
Tons of fish in the sea !
The same reason why everybody else falls in love , attraction
You do not have to but maybe sumthin tellin you to stay there and sumthins givin you hope !
Look into his eyes . classic but works : )
Then I KNEW that I knew I loved him .
I think its good to b protective because it shows how you feel about her am i right
Oh yeah . take lot 's of toilet paper for those moments that . you know !
You could say well hey buy me a coke and we  will discuss it !
I do not want him to give up on me because we cannot find anything to talk about .
My man is a good 8 '
However , if you  are YOUNG AND HORNY , TRY THE BATHS .
It might be more to this Question if you know what I mean . hmmmmmmmmmmm
In other words he just wants a piece to tell his friends about .
Give him more time . guys take longer at these things .
That 's the same thing I 'm going threw with my wife
If you HURT her , you are CRUEL ; If she HURTS you , you are too SENSITIVE ! !
Tell him I said good luck with that .
You will find someone who loves you back , because if he did he would n't hurt you .
Any kind you want to ask .
Especially if he/she really not cheating you .
I hope this helps a lot of people out there .
Tell him the truth in a letter do not ever make him wait you as you will break his heart
You got ta take a chance , or else you  will never know .
You guys are still kids yourself wait until you are married .
And glad that I have the best of both worlds .
Best advice , hook up with her outside the job .
There is help out there but who really needs it right .
So I need your advice guys and girls , what should I do next ?
I do n't know , I do n't care , but your attitude is totally hot .
Just depends what type of music you and your partner are into .
You are a very smart young lady .
YOU did not make a mistake you said what came from your heart .
Because WHAT YOU HAVE IS EXCITING AND FULFILLING IN WAYS YOU NEVER DREAMED OF .
No that would not be dumb becasue you think ya  will are good for each other go for it
Depends upon the man , of course ( whether he is her type or not ) , but sure !
25 as long as the man is long and strong
If you know any girls then ask them to be your gf
Well does he say he does ?
You really ca n't answer that question as male or female . It just depends on what type of person you are .
I would take a step back and look at which person makes me happier and why .
Depends on what you wan na know .
I you realy love him do not brake with him just because people said things .
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ! !
I 've never cheated on my wife .
Myself . there 's this one girl . but have not asked her yet
Depends on who is watching it .
Well i do not know . nobody slept with me when i was 8 yr old . LOL
She gets rid of guilt by confessing .
( sorry about the run on sentence ! )
Yes he CAN , but no he SHOULD N'T .
Hmm . got ta agree with Batista cannot argue there .
Hell , what do I have to lose ?
Love him if you love him .
Simply do n't agree to go out with him if he asks you again .
Keep yourself busy with other things so it will keep your mind out of the hunting thing .
But seriously , just go up to her and talk to her .
Ahha then she will stop thinking she needs to fake it if indeed she was .
If you like the guy , do not date him .
But you do n't see me murdering anyone , do you ?
If he looks at you a lot and likes to be around you and acts funny around you .
Ask her if she wants to .
2 people , no matter how much in love , have ups and downs in their relationship .
It do not matter who you fight with , what people say , or who looks at you funny !
Let Us her know you noticed her in a deeper rhelm . not just the lower body !
If she is interested in him the answer is NO ! ! !
If he truly loved you , he would n't be with her !
Preppy , trendy punk , goth plain or fusions of styles ?
Ow glad i did n't know the answer
Ps- if you ever go to mexico get some yoli soda .
Accepted him as only my frnd so that i do not loose my love ! ! !
Who did she get HIV from ?
Who knows why she is cold
I like my man to be tall it is so sexy .
By the way I love a sexy man.How old are you ? ? ? ? ? ?
No need to be hatred . if you are confidence in that images so go on ! !
If so , then to answer you question .
Girls do n't just see money or looks .
Well i agree with you because i am addicted to it : )
Just keep getting caught up- and MOST of them ca n't even lie good to cover their tracks .
Of course there is what a silly question
A man being kind to a girl is sexy .
You Are out on a date and this guy grabs your attention is it rude to gaze ?
I wish i could tell him enough .
He should love you tons of bunches of oodles anyway .
Keep it professional on the job .
I Am in the exact same position .
You should not give them your number .
If he says i love you do n't say it back to him unless you really mean it .
He can but it is considered cheating and no one likes that !
Only if the guy does n't think the girl is hot ( unless , he has better , but that is not foolproof ) .
Walk up to her and say hi .
Sex=is sharing and fun but , not that important .
YOU need time . so stay away from gals . n concentrate on WORK only !
Rock On . uh . I mean keep saving energy .
When you get right down to it its amazing how much abuse a woman can take .
I Am not a big fan of gay people .
Well it is a good norm , but it has been turn off these days .
Because men have a hard time getting over losses .
Some MEN ARE STUPID AND MAYBE DO N'T KNOW WHAT THEY WANT , SO THEY PLAY GAMES .
I do not wan na just randomly go up nd be like GO out wiht me ?
It 's your wedding , whatever you like .
( hey just kidding i thought i would be funny )
Do n't let the idiots get you down , there really are good men out there .
I myself tried to get help did it work for me no .
Insecurity is not something you can talk him out of .
If you guys do not trust each other and you  are engaged . what is it going to be like when you  are married ?
Please help me 4real . i been worried about dis 4 a while .
Omg , that 's why I does n't have a single girl friend in my life .
It 's very gross . its where you eat out the poop hole
I mean come on man , you 've been up here asking about girlfriends for atleast 3 times .
But hey , who can they blame ?
I think it means that you like that person very much tell them you like them
They are my brothers and we would do anything for each other .
No not until they get to be adults .
2.1 ) If yes then back off dude . Give respect . 3.0 ) Does she know you like her ?
Also , i 'm not sure if there 's a way to about finding a soul mate .
She 's 15 . give her a break .
Admit it ladies , its what every young woman dreams of .
Sounds to me he is still in love with you and wants anouther chance
India is that place where you get all types wedding traditions .
I had some neighbor guys who were gay . they were so much fun to be with !
She probably does n't want it gave out . K
Kick her out or move out yourself .
But it 's not abnormal to envy people .
I like Smack my b * * ch Up by The Prodigy : -D
Is any one try it ?
If you ever figure out the answer let me know !
Are they just saying that to be nice ?
That Is what I think of speed dating
Alot of fighting , jealous would be involved
Love , whenever you feel something special about somebody .
For a girl or a boy
Knowing that girls do wait for the guy to tell them .
Its the inconsiderate and egotistical men that could not care less about anyone but themselves .
This does not seem a real marriage .
By The Way I 'm still laughing at your use two hands answer on that threesome question : P
I 'm guessing your asking because you either shaved in that area or thinking about it
It just means you are scared to meet new people , nice guys , etc .
Do what you think is best .
I was in japan for over 3 years .
YOU should have told him before he hook up with other girl .
Why not , put tell him that
That 's a bad way to get over someone .
She likes to go out with you alone .
I 've asked myself this question several times .
And it 's hard to get back on the playing field .
Yes it still exist even today , but finding it is the tough part . K
Camiguin island man . that is sooooo damn nice .
Tools and Gadgets are always good , heck even a bottle of his favorite booze !
She either will be okay with it or she wo n't .
It can and will happen someday !
My ex broke up with me a year ago . .
Did you leave out a word , like do n't ?
20+ just so i  will sound clean .
What do you think the guy is thinking ? ? ? ? ? ?
I 've been dating someone for 10 months now .
Because their are plenty of gals who can plz ya !
Take the guys that do like you and get what you want out of them
Yes i believe in true love .
Then leave the room until she cools of and come back and talk to her .
Like a married couple but of 3 ?
If he 's wrong you  will know do n't be like me and deny it .
You better B the bigger person and tell that person you like them BEFORE some 1 else .
She finally got outta dodge and moved to another state .
Tell the guy to buzz off and go find himself sumone else to bother .
Finish college get a nice stable job both of you .
I say take a deep breath and go on !
Well if he 's mean to you then why would you wnat to be friends with him .
Most men do not . most of us like nice fat azzes
Cld spoil the friendship if you say that in a romantic-like way
I do'n know . gods know : D
Ask yourself why would you want to hang out with a depressed person .
If he start making rude hand gestures then he likes you .
YOU have to just give it up .
Be friends in the end if you can .
You will never know if she  would go out w/ you unless you try .
Education honey you never get to old to date
The procrastinator you probably ca n't do much about because a lot of men are like that .
I do not think you are in love with him that would be incest .
You will never know if she  would go out w/ you unless you try .
I do not think you are in love with him that would be incest .
Basically do not tell her you are cheating on her and she will not worry about it anymore .
But you should know if love is there do not tel her show her
Do Not get in the middle of a fight .
I THINK GUYS LIKE GIRLS WHO ARE CONFIDENT NOT COCKY
Its plan as day you atleast wan na be friends so he could not have been all that bad .
People will either like you , love , you hate you , or do not care either way !
I work alone with a girl and I find her very attractive .
How about you marry him and see ?
No you do not have to or need to quit your job .
Things might change when you get out of school.know what you want ! ! !
Get your fiance to talk to him about it too !
Ofcource we need love cuz love is the best thing that could happen to you .
Get a life and do not worry about their lives .
Try the old I know you love me , but . line .
I love Green Day so he would be like my cousin or something cool like that
The best thing is to do is follow it heart !
Follow WHAT YOU WANT TO DO DO N'T FOLLOW THE CRITISISMS !
Maybe she is cheating on you .
Maybe she 's just better than what he ended up with .
Sometimes they do not and sometimes well there just play hard to get or flirting or just being him .
If you want to be around him then you might just like him for right now .
She was like ya I kind of figured that .
I 've seen to many good men get hurt so do not subject yourself to her icy breeze .
You will know it you will feel it
Women love tall men makes them feel like they are protected and it is sexy !
Just kind of hint it , by hangin out with him more , takin his side in arguments , ect .
Doing the deed where i should not have
If hes a guy and hes alive , yep . you guessed it . hes cheating .
Get rid of anything that reminds her of you & do n't put her personal info on the web .
But , then you support your sponse anyways .
You gave me a mental picture ! ! !
Sounds like a non sequitur to me .
Yes for me , HE is so attractived .
When you meet your mr.right , you  will just know ! ! !
But , then you support your sponse anyways .
You gave me a mental picture ! ! !
Sounds like a non sequitur to me .
Yes for me , HE is so attractived .
When you meet your mr.right , you  will just know ! ! !
Are you looking for a nice guy , or a bad boy ?
Just spend time wit them . they are not gon na eat you . do n't you have sisters or cousins .
A girl should not like a guy that does n't like them at all .
It turns out that he liked me too .
Yes , a guy and girl can be friends
Best answer is to take life 1 day at a time .
It just means you are loose .
Honey i wish i knew , because i am asking myself that same question right now !
Did you actually like him from day one ?
Treasure it grow with it that is a wonderful thing
How do you love the friend ?
I BELIEVE HE WILL ; I LIVE FOR THE DAY .
Love is caring . so on and so forth !
I need to do it more .
That mom must be crazy HE IS YOU ARE BROTHER
Then you might end up cleaning the fish .
If you know she  will come back to you . wait for the time .
It REALLY DOES N'T MATTER ABOUT THE HAIR HOWEVER I THINK SOME MEN WITH BALD HEADS ARE VERY SEXY
Go for black or navy blue boxer briefs or briefs
But if its a play flirt or a wierd out look she has or something she probably does n't .
Tell him that you r sorry n you will not do it again
Not a bar , or an online dating service . Or speed dating UGH !
Ask him what will you do in your next new life that you have not done before ?
Of course you  will need a lot of gas !
Jennifer E. Just because I love her .
: - ) biting back do not mean you are a winner move on : - )
Ss wang chig you are funny .
I Am usually fine with once or twice a day .
Why is this in love and romance !
Do you know why she suddenly stopped liking you ?
Do what you like and what you want to do.see how easy it was .
Makes watching that stuff a lot more barable .
And how they  will be related 2 you ! !
I do n't know what mistakes he has made .
Every time I told him of my crush , he liked the girl too .
If he is so hot , ask him to do more workouts !
Run away with your boyfriend if nescessary , you say you love him right ? ? ?
C'mon now , you ca n't expect the man to not have friends on the basis that they are female .
Alot of my friends think i am gay but i do not !
If nothing else if you really like her hopefully the two of you can be friends .
But you got to start some where .
The same reason women cheat on them .
During discussion about who eachother has been with this all got brought up !
He 's so awesome and i THINK IT WOULD BE FUN TO HANG OUT WITH HIM .
Try and think on the bright side
If you want so then be expectin her to have more than one .
And i just do n't know how to tell him .
You should try to flirt with her and see her reation to it .
Use to . but I do n't give a crap what she does now .
If not good do not get mixed up with those ones trust me .
No . trimmed is fine . do n't mess with it too much . it 's wierd looking . it looks like your 11 .
If you wan na shave then shave , if not then do n't .
Or still living at home with mommy .
See , i 'm shy too , so i always wait for a guy to approach me .
Depends if you like it fast or slow ?
There are too many people out there for you to be hung up on a distant family member .
I have noticed however , that to men female friends are only women they have n't slept with .
Men and women can go without sex pretty much the same .
But . that was years in the making .
There is a chance that they do n't love you the same way .
Ask him what he thinks is going on and where he sees it going .
Only THE KIDS AND DRUNK PEOPLE TELL THE TRUTH .
Please help me i really like him
Well at 17 . everything is interesting about a gal ! !
No , he constantly complains about your ratty hair and your snoring .
They are no dummies at all !
Because that would suck if you made someone like you they should want to and she does n't .
There are a lot of things to do out there .
I like when men dress nice .
YOU are attracted to them or you really like them
But women want to be wooed .
No you are not you just not mayb into that style of those girls you envy .
Hey WISE FOOL . so is that the girlfriend or the pet ?
Tease him a bit . without being mean .
That may hurt you in time .
They do n't realize they have a good woman until she is gone .
I do n't think you want to be pregant at 17 do you
Just get married . and have sex for free for lifetime .
To get a woman off with your fingers ladies what do you like
Men are really bad mind readers and us chics tend to just expect men to know what to do .
Do not have kids , just keep getting abortions trust me
Cool lol . you have a good amount of time .
She could put it nicer , or say nothing at all !
Men just think differently than women .
Any and every thing if you do not tell them they will find out on there own
We  are married now , so it worked !
Have sex for the kids sake .
Have some friends come with you .
Shorter the better , even BALD is sexy !
Finally PLS GO TO YOU ARE PASTOR OR LOOK FOR ONE IF YOU DO NOT HAVE ANY .
But , what you should do is just be there for him as a friend .
If you  are gf has moved on so should you .
Unless you gave him some BD , no .
Me 600 ( like Wilt Chamberlin )
They DO NOT GIVE PEOPLE A CHANCE TO LET THEM KNOW WHO THEY REALLY ARE .
First you should start just to talk with , her hang out , just be her friend !
2_ you like the more knowledgeable loving laid back , NOT SO HIGH STRUNG .
I just flat out tell him . hey , i think you are hot
I do n't think it could work .
And if she does not like you anymore , ask her if it 's still alright to be friends .
She took it ok but then she went off on him last night.What can you do
Sometimes they like that the girl has some control
And the fact that i 've been married 3 times means that i must be looking for love .
Her name is Hillary Rodham Clinton . good luck there Pal !
First , i  will make a confesion . am no girl .
I AM FUN TO TALK TOO OOHHYEAAHHBABBBYYYYY EMAIL IS : SEXIPOLKADOTS @ YAHOO.COM
That way the adult would be able to watch over you where ever you would go .
Lucky for me i found my Mr .
How do I break out of my rutt ?
Sincere girls are usually stuck with jerks
True love when you find someone need you and you need her
My friends & I like the Steak & B.J .
I like guys with dark , medium-length hair and blue eyes .
I do n't know why - i 'm not a redhead .
Short on cash : Do something uber creative !
Because THERE IS ALWAYS SOMEONE BETTER OUT THERE .
It is gay like you bitch
Yes , if there are five mens .
It depends on you are girl , or the girl you want ( to get ) .
Good LUCK AND I HOP EVERYTHING WORKS OUT FOR YOU 2 !
As Mom says , if you do not have trust , you do not have anything !
Hope this helps , and good luck !
YOU do n't , but may be you want to ?
Just lay it on her easy
It may hurt a bit ( so i 've heread ) but the pleasure is even better . it 's real SWEET ! ! ! !
Uhmm no words can describe it you just feel it
I now keep my crushes to my self .
You have all got to be out of your mind ! ! !
I GIVE UP . NO , I KNOW THE ANSWER ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I like a guy who does n't even know I exist .
He 's a jerk and a loser .
I had another boyfriend and I Am sure he had another girl too .
Life without love is not a life at all .
I 'm a hair and eye guy .
No No NO a girl with flwt ass No body likes
If he did n't hate you , most likely you would n't like him anymore .
Ask him if he likes corn cobbs in his ass
If he proves it to you everyday
Vow to make sure she realizes what she is missing
-love is to tell her how much I like her , how much I love her .
Like everyone else said - have you are partner open them .
Brush her/his teeth with your tounge
Next , if you really want to go , THEN GO ! ! !
Hang in there , move on , and keep looking !
Sure you have to be a little patient
The little things count more than sex .
No i know that and i 'm twelve
B ) He thinks/fantasizes about you a lot .
( I REALLY DO THINK THAT WAS A GOOD QUESTION . )
Any thing i guess but make sure it is fancy
I say go for the one who you want
Do Not tell until you are bf tells
Sure but do not expect to have a wife for very much longer !
Dude you really got some problems .
I cannot see your picture its to little
It would n't be rude to look though .
Talking on the phone for the first time after chatting online , I mean
.what can i do to get over it ?
I wish he  would just 'do ' me !
And not by sex or any kind of sexuality .
If you loved him at first , you will alwayslove him
Depends by what you mean by bad .
( ANYWAYS YOU ONLY DO THIS TO YOU LOVEONES OR GIRL SO YOUR PRETTY SURE SHE IS NOT INFECTED OR SOMETHING ) .
If she does n't then look for someone else .
YOU got lots on you are mind !
No idea . but that would make a great song title do n't ya think ?
I 'm not a stupid woman and the guy I was with did n't always beat me .
That all depends , are you that baby 's daddy ?
A unique question for you girls ! ! ! !
Fool me once , shame on you .
I Am going to marry this man and I can  t do this forever .
What about more than one photo ?
Cmon you need to giv dis guy a break .
No i have n't ( i 've done it )
Men are visual ; that simple but I like inner beauty
4.0 ) Are you sure you like her or you are just impress with her ?
If you get a bigger picture then maybe you would be but as for now i really cannot see
Unless that was what you were hoping for !
Only if there was drinking , singing , and a rubber duck involved !
Any kind of question that you want .
Just look for a single man with kids of his own .
If its higher , consider buying him a video game or something like that .
I agree with curious trav . go on , ask her , and see what happens , lol !
My spouse and i both like to have sex alot
Those are you are true friends . not the ones you are fighting with over a guy !
Is it even possible to throw in the towl and find your soul mate .
John Schneider has aged very well . i loved him on The Dukes of Hazzard !
But I have n't given up and you should n't either !
If you were financially well off , then would that matter ?
That is just the way the most guys are and that really sucks
I have a titanium wedding band - it 's cheap , but looks great .
No .a guy that can wear feminine clothes and is still straight shows that hes comfortable with his sexuality
Plus , that way you can go to a later movie .
I do n't pay her to talk .
4.1 ) Like and Lust is different . Email me .
. a guy who dresses up all the time ?
Like me , my two uncles and and my grandfather .
Even the girl should n't mind in the first place if she really likes you .
4.1 ) Like and Lust is different . Email me .
. a guy who dresses up all the time ?
Like me , my two uncles and and my grandfather .
Even the girl should n't mind in the first place if she really likes you .
When the time comes you .
If you want to marry , you have to see marriage adviser and talk about it
You should n't regret anything you did .
{ just make it work and it will if you all and love }
They stand on street corners at night .
He wants to fuck you , so bad but socially there is no way is hell he can .
It depends on what kind of fat azz the boy has
Person cheated on me with at least two other men after we were married .
Every body lies its just easier to take advantage of when you are a drunk
Me i wan na be your friend mail me harryblehnabladder @ yahoo.com
Without being too flirty or looking like a s * * *
It really depends on what sort of grunge girl you  are talking about .
Neither . i think trust is the most important thing
Wait until you are both 18 and have full-time jobs with benefits
I Am 19 years old but i will soon be 20. i have been in a relationship for 3 years .
What Is the best way to get a guy to notice you ?
Try wearing boxers 4 a change .
Girl most men and women cheat because they are not satisfied in their currrent relationship .
His name is n't Sean is it ? ?
Then just pkay it cool for the moment .
I mean they do n't know what they want .
I am in my second marraige and it sucks .
Nothing that could happen cannot be overcome !
Do Not worry about boys untill your about 21 .
But nice and slow love songs .
If he says yes then you can ask him , Have you ever considered me more than a friend . ?
( At least that is how it should be . * cough * )
His name is Phillipe and he is SOOO LOSER !
Find a new girl friend and get on with your life .
If he says yes then you can ask him , Have you ever considered me more than a friend . ?
( At least that is how it should be . * cough * )
His name is Phillipe and he is SOOO LOSER !
Find a new girl friend and get on with your life .
Ok so he is my best friends boyfriend and i 've known her since we where in prekay .
God bless to be always young .
Id never cheat on my girl but i know a few men that would and i know thier type .
You rock~ you have a lucky girl ; )
Love is a waste of time .
( get out of the house ) That too !
If you ask this question you ca n't .
I did n't know I even had a girlfriend .
So yes it 's okay to read the menu ; just do n't do it around your partner .
You MAY END UP GETTING HURT AND WE DO NOT WANT THAT NOW DO WE ?
Do n't try to make her realize what she 's missing .
Who gives a fudge just have sex with him
If she is a visual person she likes beautiful things e.g .
If you SMOKE , you are BAD BOY ; If she SMOKES , she is a GENTLELADY .
I learned that the hard way
I think guys go for brains and beauty equally ! !
Ask this to urself . you  will know that . close you are eyes . relax urslef . you  will get the point
I thought you had an answer .
Or i ca n't believe you did that ! something like that but try not to do anything bad .
Come and meet me i will give the answer
If you like each other then stay together they are just trying to hurt you
I WILL SUCCEED ON WHAT EVER I WANT TO ACCOMPLISH .
Do you kick butt every time you pick up a basketball ?
If a guy can take a girl out then a girl can take a guy out .
It was Brutal but hey , I 'm alive & kicking !
A walk in the park was my first date i loved it
I really do n't see the problem here .
: - ( So what do i do ?
That means that . ummmmmmmm . you get down on yourself 2 much ! ! ! !
If you find her , chances are she is better off than you .
Well they are not prefered but if the rest of her is hot , hey life is full of comprimises
Wish to participate in yahoo chat w/java applet
Make some friends and expand from there : )
If your friend is not worth fighting with , do not date him .
YOU can fall in love w/ one and have it work out
Seeing as most likely the picture is already seen , voice is the only thing left to imagine
Hmmm . first you jst confirm tht whether she loves you or not ?
I guess you are asking too much dude .
You shhould wait if the guy cannot respect you and you are body then screw him .
Say i love very much , i not live without you
Why let him come to you ?
Songs THAT HAVE GOOD BEATS , SO YOU CAN DO IT TO THE BEAT OF THE SONG
Watch the music video i should have cheated by sumthin cole and listen to what she has to say !
Eh , I do n't know what to do .
Your true love is out there . find him !
Oh , kitty cat stop playing with us .
For me , a shaved guy is a huge turnoff .
I need a white lady as my wife
Talk to people let it out and read
You need to get things straightened out with them , and yourself , before you go any further with anyone .
I Am About To take a shower but never do !
About 3 billon man on earth !
Do n't make babys , do n't go for anything serious , serious relationships rarely work out after highschool .
Ask him when your doing something you both enjoy
Fools fall in crap too.What 's your point ?
Still , do not just do these for the reason of meeting your soulmate .
Try telling him it 's personal , or that you do n't like anyone , or you do n't know .
And THE REST OF YOUR QUESTION IS : I NEED A SINGLE YOUNG WOMAN WHO IS 18 ? ? ?
Why are you so obessed with lifting men ? ! ?
Maybe you should n't be listening to what your friends think .
Forget about the guy that does not like you .
I like my boys hair with braids and waves too because that 's wat i do i braid hair ! !
Well i do not think there really is any perfect man for a certain person out there .
Do something really nice for yourself .
That would be the stupidist thing ! ! !
It will really hurt his ego a hell a lot !
Do n't try to understand it if you ai n't got one
I need me one of those Then hes thinking Gawd , i hope she did not see me staring .
I 'm in love with A , but I think my bestfriend X in love with the same girl as I .
It is all in your hands after all !
Right now I 'm saving my virginity so I can give my ALL to the one God gives me ! ! !
Tell her he is you are bro !
Good boy - you did the right thing .
And when I do , she throws a big fit . WHAT SHOULD I DO ?
Easy if he keeps staring at you and you can see that then he loves you .
I HAVE BEEN TO THAT ROAD BEFRORE AND YOU DO N'T WANT TO TAKE IT !
If you look anything at all like yout avatar , I can guarantee you that she deos !
2-5 years , depending on your age .
If you love her , then Marry her .
If you like him you could wait for him
Y DOES SHE NOT TRY TO GET ANY MORE FRIENDS .
I hang out with him every day because he wants me to .
And usually wiht nothing to say because we talk about 5 times a day .
I do n't know what you mean .
Depends on what you look like and how you are personality is .
He may actually be the one and you would pass him up just because he makes a good friend ? ? ?
- If you see this Amber , I love you !
Having sex does not mean you love someone .
Yes , from personal experience , if it 's small , it 's not gon na do much at all .
You have been wishy-washy for 4 years ! ! !
Do them because you want to .
If he has a new phone number get that too .
It dissapoints me to hear woman say let the man approach you .
Of couse your girlfriend is not going to like you meeting other girls .
Do you want people to know . y you'wre mad about her ?
Ask her why she does not like you anymore , for one .
Ok ok I straighten up . just quit telling everyone .
Do n't worry , you and your sister will see your dad .
Atleast give urself some time . best sugestion is to work . work n only work .
I bet he 's got the smallest penis ever .
Why am i always the one calling ?
I think best for mans 25 between 30 for ladies 24-28
Because then its genuine and her heart is safe !
Have sex during her periods do not need to use condoms
I , m not gay but buy you need to get help if you not a kid you act like one .
Yeah , same thing happens to me ( I 'm a tomboy so I do n't have any girlfriend , haha ) .
Its really really sad : ' ( its hard for most people to imagine a life without love but .
It 's ok to try finding someone but be yourself doing it do n't try to be who you are not
I would n't do it but if women can wear men 's shirt , boxers , wifebeaters etc . why not .
If he does n't respond to you , mae sure he 's not cheating on you .
Being young is one thing . being immature is another .
Well I love Braids on a guy .
Not really because when they r shy they are probaly hiding something
I actually dated a girl like that .
About your spous/bf/gf/person you like and/or love ?
And it means more because you made it !
By the way . y did you put the link for her profile ? ?
For a booty call , i am on the first plane ! ! !
I bet he does his little 'Ooh !
Well , i have people answer my question .
Like squeezing warm mud through your toes
. however , you are going to make your own decison , good or bad .
Just say Hey , how was your weekend ?
Go up to her AND ASK HER OUT !
No but you do have alot to say about life .
I would be fine if I never saw her again .
Maybe you like the way they treat you.because your not go not to find much out here
Oh yeah talk to her about her little fits and yourself DO NOT PUSH HER AWAY OR GET MAD !
Oh ya ofcorse it is you and only you
How could thay not no we are all over each other
To me i think green eyes look hot on a girl
That guy deserves a fair chance .
I would like ti try both at the same time
It always fits , & it 's not returnable , it 's cheap , & he  will love it .
Just lean over and kiss that girl !
Alright if she suddenly got really sweaty afterwards then she orgasmd .
Maybe talk to your mom and dad maybe thay can make friends even if they are divorced
I Am sure you can pull that off easily .
Have you ever felt that way ?
Tell the others to fuck off
For me . I 'm not gorgeous , but I 'm no troll ( I think ) . lol .
? The same thing all guys think about DUH
I bet you get a instant smile , intrest and response of You did what was it about ?
First i think you need to talk 2 them if you already did not .
All men do n't feel like micheal , just insecure ones
But umm . you should have found that one out BEFORE the two of you got married .
Just talk to him alot and smile , mabey you two share intrests .
What style do women like the best
Oh what the hell , invite a guy over and have a monagetroi .
Give him a love potion ! just how morope did to tom riddle , voldemort 's mom and dad , , , , , , , , , , , , sorry , jut an hp fanatic , , , , ,
No handsome . you need more than just a few dates .
Yup . pretty much . if he already asked you like how do you feel about me and that is the time .
Have you ever talk with her father face to face on d reason y ?
Yup I did . the only thing is .
Bring your lover a coffee , or buy them chocolates on valentines day .
So he cheats so if you cheat he will not feel so down .
Try to find a hobby to keep your mind busy
What is the reason that keep you with him ?
Start looking for someone to date .
First tell them then go for the kiss if they like you
Get her a studly young italian so you can rest
Have you ever heard of grammer ?
Well first of all is she married ?
Just tell them on-line that you are not going to be able to give them your number .
If you do n't like it leave him .
Tell her that you like her and ask her out if you think you can just be normal .
Well , you sure call me hot all the time so why not ?
Repeat after me : Dump Him , Dump Him , Dump Him .
Start asking him ALOT who he likes .
If he says No , at least you had a nice Valentine 's Day and can start looking for Mr .
YOU have fantiseys with them and you realy reealy want to go out with them
I was and a long distant relationship be for .
Being together is what really matters , right ?
So with this in mind do not try to hard nd be yourself .
Ouch please stop this is hurting me
No . do n't date someone who is still married .
I might chat with you , make some funny comment , but in my case , I 'm just having fun .
He broke up with me the day after the dance .
It 's normal 4 guys 2 b attracted 2 beautiful girls .
A butt is a butt anywhere .
Believe me when I say it .
Just have to train him right I guess .
Your parents were supposed to tell you that earlier !
Wemon love tall guys you can lust cuddle up with them ! ! ! ! !
Well what did he give you ?
Ps : Build your relationship first , sex should come after you get married !
Thought I found him , but was wrong .
Just wait , he 's out there somewhere .
Okay . how much do you still like your ex ?
Except a little less blatent than that .
That Is weird but maybe i do not know ill talk to my friend by his locker .
It 's definitely within yourself when you  will be married duh ,
Ask her , she  will answer it ( maybe or slap you ) .
There is always e-mail , phone or snail mail etc . if you really love him you gon na have to wait .
I used to be so nervous my hands would shake and my voice would crack .
Her eys , the way she walks , her calmness , her voice etc .
Go FOR IT WHAT CAN YOU LOOSE
No , if the thing between you and your boss is over , it should n't matter .
I like dark hair and lots of it .
Narrow it down wih looks you like & then say 'hi ' .
He make think alot of you , but is not in love with you
Good Luck , I hope this helps .
I Am me on speedy77028 @ yahoo.com so that we can talk it over
If not , at least you know you tried and will not have any regrets
Ask her out for coffee or something low key .
Come to the internet and see hot girls
So it 's really up to you !
My husband could prob. , care less .
Just wait and let her cool off .
Like I said make her feel special .
The flying cherry : 1 Plastic Cup , 1 Spoon , 1 Cherry .
Good luck dude keep trying check rent.com
Some PEOPLE JUST AUTOMATICALLY GIVE THEIR OPINION ABOUT OTHERS .
Go for it and have fun
Well , I think you should try to go out with friends .
They just have it going on but you do not wan na risk you are relationship so lay low .
We don  t like baby daddy drama and most of us don  t want the responsibility of having kids .
Chances are its some sick A $ $ petifile or a fake picture !
Even though i am a guy its easy to say .
If he been saying stuff he never said before and your surprised do n't worry .
I see it this way : you know the people handing out Chick Tracts on the street ?
Just feel bad that i 'm upset .
Ok WELL FIRST OF ALL SAYING YES TO MEET A GUY YOU WAS TALKING TO ONLINE IS REALLY STUPID !
And why would they need to lie ?
He MUST HAVE DID SOMETHING REALLY BAD TO YOU THAT SOCKED THE HELL OUT OF YOU !
So pick and choose your battle wisely . good luck
Tell her she is weird as hell .
In da very 1st pl . you dun even wan na help urself guy . !
Hey , you  are awesome , let 's be together !
If you do n't her there tell her .
Get over it dude , NOBODY WANTS A WAN NA BE PLAYA ! !
It 's like the whole world stops and I can just relax .
No , you are not doing it right , when you do you are gon na know the difference .
Do n't mess with married men , though ; not worth the heartache for all concerned .
Young boys have a problem expressing real feelings ( Old Boys Too ! ! ) .
Be lovable and the rest is up to her
I do n't know what to tell you !
Why is it so hard for you to ask ?
I have this book and I LOVE it ! ! !
Liverwurst cuz then i would not get eaten cuz everyone hates liverwurst
He needs to get over it .
Most guys i know r such jerks !
I thing it may be usefull
Saying it does not mean you mean it .
I dnt call but i Chat !
Common boy do not try to complain betwwen girls and animals . all girls gana get mad at you ! ! !
Do something nice and lovely , not too girly .
Unless the boy is like 10 years old , I  would say no .
But if he just is inmature or something like that there is always hope .
It 's cheating but yes you could do it .
Once established , ask him if he wants to go to a gay bar of some sort .
If he scares off , his loss .
But if you are married and have a boyfriend .
I say TRISexual is the best . be open to anything try anything once ! !
Yeah if you find the right guy
Ask yourself a few questions . > > Do you like your boyfriend ?
I certainly do n't think so , you should n't either .
Then of course , jewelry never hurts !
And NO , I am not gay .
So if you 've got a dirty mind , go with that .
I went to aucopuco mexico and it was beautyful .
Alright , i like this guy , but he already has a girlfriend , i think , but i ca n't tell !
Porn can definitly spice your sex life up .
If it is truly love , then why call them a fool ?
If you really love him and he loves you .at the begining we did n't know we were cousins
Take care , hope all works out - scott
And girls secret fantasy is to dominate a guy .
I hope some of this works for you !
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
I would be scared to death if he even come close to me with that face .
If you really like this guy and he really likes you make it work !
I Do n't treat anyone with that kind of dis-respect !
Use it . n give him something back for w/e day
If your at school and you really like someone when should you kiss them
No not always it just depends on the guy .
Take about her in general about what going .
Life is long do not worry !
Best of luck on your upcoming nupitals .
I think you should give it a go !
YOU never know if they are lying about their gender , age or anything else !
I guess they are lazy to answer
Let you are brother go n visit a doctor
Even though I Am a guy I seem to have the same problem .
Simple rule - if someone wants you to like them , they  would be nice to ya .
Also make sure he knows that you dotn love him .
He kept saying he was over her and did n't love her anymore , etc .
No way there will definetely be a major catfight !
1.1 ) If not then start there befriend her . 2.0 ) Is this girl in a relationship ?
I never thought of night terrors .
Find some one else to like . if the guy you like hates you , why would you bother ? ?
All is fair in love and war
Good Luck and remember the key to ANY relationship . be it friends or more is COMMUNICATION !
Just be straight up and say hi .
Off course you do mean all that .
Hope you got something out of this .
I was with this girl and we were going to get married .
Aishwarya rai from india ( former miss world 1994 )
Hug him tightly and whisoer him that you r sorry . ask him for forgiveness .
No THAT BOY IS IN YOUR BLOOD
' I Kissed Dating Goodbye ' is great .
Wait , and if they break up you should ask her if it 's alright to go out w/ him .
But I am serious about that .
So for you seek always elders .
If she loves you and you know it then you have nothing to worry about .
When you are not sure you will hear it in return
If you know she does not like him you have nothing to worry about .
I always say actions speak louder than words .
Maybe you slept with to many girls ?
No . just be cool and get to know the individual first . there is some scary shit on the internet .
And then that night , massage her into a deep sleep .
No but keep practicing by yourself , ,shhhhhhh
But they do n't want to be seen wit hoes , so they run back to you .
I 'm 42 and my 1st hubby died , thought I found the 2nd and married 2x to him .
Its got to be everything or nothin g at all .
This is what a soulmete is and only your soulmate can be mr , right
What the h . were you thinking that is cool
He WILL PRAY WITH YOU AND HELP YOU OUT .
Hope all turns out good for ya .
Let ME KNOW WHAT HAPPENS IF YOU DECIDE TO TAKE MY ADVICE .
Sex mean going bed with someone .
Be nice , jok round w/ her , flirt , compliment her , ask her how she 's been .
Best thing for you is be good friends with the guy and her older sister .
Simple . Stop , I 'm in too much pain .
It works for some and it did n't for others .
And for the Record men are n't the only scared ones Sincerly Te Ic
Ya know that old saying if its to good to be true then it are not .
Keep yourself busy and be as far away from him as possible .
Why would you even want to bring this kindda matter up tu da question board ? ?
Nope what i actually do is make him jealous so it the other way around
Probably the best reason is that he/she does !
Hey what is up . you can talk to me anytime and I love to answer questions .
You think all men have it big under ?
I say go with wat you like
It 's better than not going to the dance with anyone at all .
I did not run around the block at all I was just there for the beer and the fun .
Before we got married we had more sex than we do now
No but when you do it for the first time it hurts
This question was asked about 100 times try too read and you will find the answer some where
But anyways i would not meet this person alone because as nice as they seem you never know .
It depends on a few things .
Yah you can tell but be carefull he may slap you
For both questions : For some girls who actually are n't players .
With college and work minimum once a week , max like 3 times a week .
Not even an enemy or someone I do n't really care about .
You give him special attention and you flat out tell him that he is hott !
If you do WELL in your exams , she says it 's LUCK ; If she does WELL , it 's BRAINS .
Sadly , hes married n i 'm married n . no wait .
You do n't really get to know someone well watching a movie .
Why would you be a fool for loving ?
That Is a while down the road .
Maybe because they just do n't have any since and do not REALIZE WHAT THEY HAVE UNTIL THERE GONE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I really think it has to do w/ jealousy though .
Try to find a new girlfriend .
Or probably wants to get to know you since you are family
I DO N'T WANT TO DO ANYTHING THAT MIGHT HURT HIM .
Tell him that you like someone that you really . Do n't . like .
YOU would not be normal if you did n't peek .
But i know what to look for now .
Go with your heart . or do not pick any of them ! !
Get a friend of yours to ask if she still has feeling for you .
Just say right out , Man , it is none of your business .
Girls dream of their perfect wedding day .
I have one since 9 months
Just say right out , Man , it is none of your business .
Girls dream of their perfect wedding day .
Yep , , , it is best to just tell them straight out
Just ignore the guy if nothing works .
I have one since 9 months
Then YOU SHOULD CONTINUE TO LOVE THIS PERSON AND BE WITH HIM AS LONG AS YOU CAN .
I know I be like that .
Lady S gone always keep it real .
Whatever you want him to do for you , just ask .
And he definitely knows . you  are gay .
But here 's a TIP . TRY TO MAKE YOUR QUESTIONS INTERESTING .
If my wife looked as trollish as his wife does I sure as hell would be cheating !
The things he says to me .
I Am a guy but it does n't hurt it actually feels good
You should go up to him and talk but do not force it .
We Have been togather for 1 year and 3 months
YOU guys still have you are whole life ahead of you please do not ruin it .
I get turned off by greasy gross men .
He CALL ME NAME LIKE FATGIRL , PORKCHOP ECT .
Do n't let her fiance get suspicious .
- so he could expect that from all the women he dates .
You ca n't make her like you .
No , I asked my wife to marry me on VD .
You really did what you should .
We were friends at first and it grew into more : - )
If you are not in love it means you are fool , with love life has a different colore
Honestly , i say that maybe you should give it a try .
He flirts alot but you do n't know if he really likes or he 's just feeling horny .
YOU can tell him but if he is not interested yalls friend ship will change
? so just trust your sense and heart girl .
Unfortunately , there are so many people in this world who gave it a bad name ! ! !
Only time will tell I guess .
At lest wait till both of uses get out of high school , but whatever uses do good luck .
I felt bad about it because I did n't mean it .
Well you have to ask yourself do you like him ?
If he loved you like he said he does he would n't be dating her .
So there could just be some weird reason that he wants to keep hidin ' or he 's just protecting you !
She says you are TROUBLESOME ; If you do n't , she says that you do n't TRUST her .
The way she acts with you !
Basically their head is pumped up !
Try TO GET HER OUT TO MEET OTHER PEOPLE .
Go up grab him on the ass and give him a kiss you shy bastar # .
I want an HONEST answer from those guys who know what i am talking about .
I think redheaded guys are sexy , especially if they have freckles too .
Now I feel like will never find the one .
But lucky for you there are plenty of girls out there that would good luck
What are you afraid to tell her
Good LUck One more thing . family will be mean to protect there loved ones !
Why would you bother exploring ANYTHING with other guys that you hate ?
Now I feel like will never find the one .
But lucky for you there are plenty of girls out there that would good luck
What are you afraid to tell her
Good LUck One more thing . family will be mean to protect there loved ones !
Why would you bother exploring ANYTHING with other guys that you hate ?
Love , shopping , money , worries , kids , our looks . everything that men do not !
Hmmm . ever listen to the Dixie Chicks song , Goodbye Earl ?
Close your eyes and ask yourself how to heal .
Maby she thinks you do n't care , and is afraid to push it .
But Now I think i am the one I want .
I 'm 26 and I start to wonder if that day will come ! !
As a guy , we want it ALL .
How old over 10 not me
It 's A Nice Day For A White Wedding Billy Idol
Ask another question and i  will tell you my e-mail !
Yes but if he is a war veteran its illigle .
If from the first time , than that 's the way you wife is .
If so , you can provide such info on your yahoo profile .
Ok well i come from a broken home so i have ( had ) trust issues too .
Men are n't necassarily stupid it is just up to us ladies to teach them the ways .
You should make it a surprise party , and buy her alot of clothes from holister ! ! !
But You Will Get Over It It Just Takes Time
Please no more wood chuck crap or why is the sky blue .
It is always ok with me .
They are the ones getting a divorce not you
Wo n't work full time even though he has a full time job , addicted 2 marijuana and porn , procrastinator
And , no , men do not always go for pretty girls .
You already got the sack do not you ?
The way he looks at me .
Then you  are obviously NOT asking the right s !
Say to the person that you really did n't meant to write that
Well , actually , you  will just know and feel it .
He must do something nice next , and on and on until you see the REAL guy .
Might not be a good idea .
If you have to ask if it is a good idea than it is NOT A GOOD IDEA ! ! ! ! ! ! !
If she starts flirting back she probably likes you .
I do not think it should bother you too much .
I worked at a jewelry store , and one that I heard was .
2 years been married for 14 years now & getting stronger .
If you have to ask you have n't found them yet .
A cake with 35 candles on it if possible
Yes but do n't do anything which will hurt your wife .
Talk 2 her and hopefully she will understand .
YOU must not judge a book by it cover .
Do you mean most women like shoes and money ?
And i ask what is life with out someone to share it with .
Well than be with that person that you love !
That is easy , kill the bastard .
Ha ha ha ha h a ha !
You ca n't , you can only trust that he does .
I myself am very shy on approaching woman to just even talk .
You CAN ADD THAT INFORMATION IN YOU ARE PROFILE
Jus letem cummm in you are mouth .
No because you are desperate and selfish
She could have something wrong and may be afraid to tell you
We like to think about love , clothes , marriage , our weight , boyfriends , but most of the time we just worry
Fate will find a way for the two of you to cross paths , after all , you  are soul mates.goodluck !
I DO BELIEVE IN TRUE LOVE .
Who knowshe might like you 2 .
Try to be strong and try to act like you do not carewhat people says
Example : Someone says I love it !
First point out chicks and ask him what he thinks of them , if he would tag it , ya know .
She WILL DO IT AGAIN , AND AGAIN , AND AGAIN , AS LONG AS YOU LET HER GET AWAY WITH IT .
Or understand what the heck you  are saying .
I 've never heard anything about that . . of course , I do n't know what a whife is either .
No talk to your wife maybe she 's the one having the affair ?
Why in hell you like a boy that hates you ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Gosh . people these days r so shallow !
Try that and come back to me after you come back of course !
They are not dating , but he likes her , but my ( girl ) friend does n't like him back
Funny question but I say probably not !
If he treats you badly then why does he deserve your love ?
Wera condoms when you r cheatig on him so you do not get knocked up to another man .
I do n't kno how long you 've known this guy but just be yurself !
No sum guys just dig personality
Guy like girls that do n't sound desprate and sound like they never had a real b/f
If i had that answer i could save the world
Yes , and when I think it could help people on Yahoo !
Beacause they are believe that girls are stupid and that they are smarter but is not real .
How rude , i would kill him !
If it was my fiancee ' , Yes !
Find the people that will respect you , cherish you and the choices you make !
Additionally , do n't give it up too quickly or easily , the cliche is quite true . MEN WANT WHAT THEY CA N'T HAVE .
I like to have sex more than my wife does .
Because we look so damn good its rediculous
But I  WOULD LIKE TO BE JUST A CLICK AWAY IF HE EVER LOOKS .
Well i flirt with the guy i like but i do not think he gets the pic
I was just wondering what was a normal amount to get it on was .
Run her over with your car .
No you should not , you should never beg a guy .
Care for him for who and what he is .
I ca n't imagine living without her . Good luck .
I Am an aquarious , 5 ' 4 , and ok looking .
Why does he hate you and why do you hate those guys ?
Why is it the guys job to go to you ?
He doens n't have to say it .
And then , use those words , I love you , they always work
If IT 'S SPIKED TOO THEN THAT WOULD BE FINE !
If he does the you dump him like white on rice
Girls appreciate n like frank and bold guyz . BEST OF LUCK ! !
Do you reali reali like her ?
When I used to work . it was not a hard job !
I Am sure its the same for a blind person .
As sort of a warm up for a serious relationship with the focus on marriage .
So do it , use it , pratice it . make it a day to day thing that you do !
And 2nd Do I really love/like him ?
If he does not like it move on he 's a jerk .
And fellas can you be just friends with a girl who looks hotter than a Playboy Playmate ?
YOU should not ask that type of question if you do not want your feelings hurt .
You do n't have to date anyone you do n't want to .
You  will do what 's right for you .
But by then things were just too messed up ! ! !
Its NOT WORTH RUINING A FRIENDSHIP OVER A BOY BECAUSE YOU LIKE HIM .
Maybe marriage would just not be my thing .
Every time you think about her punch a wall
I Am 15 years old and my penis and balls shrunk .
They do not see things the same at all .
Why not have both instead , cheap , small , nice cute one and not huge .
She does n't trust me and I do n't trust her .
And what if you do n't take a chance ?
Whenever you find that special someone and date them for a while
I do n't know what to do .
If not interested , then he is gay .
What if he decides to leave after you have a kid ?
He always writes back when i do email though .
And THE BEST WAY TO TEST THAT IS WITHOUT CONDOMS RISKY BUT IT PAYS OFF .
Please tell him , he waiting you are invitation
Well talk to her not to us she the problem
And if start seeing a lot of things thru their eyes too .
Not all girls r that shallow it all about their image
And yes , I am over 21 ! !
Why do you want to do that ?
At this phase of you are life . looking for a new girlfriend wud b absurd !
I smile a lot with guys i tend to have a crush on .
They think you are being nice to get into there pants .
A pet , they ca n't cheat on you or disrespect you !
Do Not ask that question here , you never know what type of answer you will get .
YOU should move on because you wouldn ; t wan na hurt you are friend .
As long as it is not toooo .
Omg , that loser still cannot get laid ?
Like they stay do not get mad get even .
Count your blessing and she is a keeper and take her to meet your mother !
If it feels good and then it does not matter do what you need to do
Here 's the real answer . ( I 'm a guy ) .
Now I do n't mean to disrespect them .
Date.com I found my boyfriend of two years there
So cool to have it during a rennaissance fair !
He keeps bugging me on who I like .
He 's your ex , its time to move on .
Which is not right at all !
Maybe one of your far distance cousins for friends ?
I think he likes me but i ca n't tell if hes trying to give me signs or not .
And he would be my husband .
I would not try to change a man toi be with him
If she flirts , talks , hugs , and suggest it
So I guess it all worked out in the long run . )
Depend on if your boss is still asking for favor from you . if not you can keep your job .
It 's totally ok that 's how i got one of my boyfriends
Take a drive somewhere liek the beach .
In the mean time . GO GET YOU ARE MAN BACK !
Go out and see if it works
Talk TO HIM ALONE , either email him , call him , write him WHATEVER but explain to him !
You should give it some serious thought .
Start kissing her neck playing with her boobs & prob you may end in pumping her ass
Its old-school , but who does not love chocolate !
Breakup with him you will get more attention that way .
I hope it works out and you get some good lovin !
Go and just have fun with this guy like you normally do .
Be a kid and have fun .
. so many promises were exchanged and now each one of them no longer existing . .
Just talking can break the ice .
But , if you want to be a one woman man , then you can look , just do n't act on it .
Why not.I would if i really like the guy !
Ask what her problem is , if he is your brother then you should love him .
Tell him , if you do not , then you will regret it
He and she should show and say to the other that the love them .
Is a guy being a virgin good or bad in a gurls mind ?
Do n't do it make it a worth while relationship.not just friends with bennifits
Get up and get on with your day .
If he 's not then he might have a crush on you .
There are the spoon full of kisses as _ & _ become mr. & mrs. picture frame seating cards .
But my friend likes the shy guys .
Boys COME AND GO BUT FRIENDSHIP IS FOREVER
We do not know why people can be like you ?
Figure out which one you like best and go with him .
Where are you starting from ?
No , I did not , but i am sure lots of girls did , just take it easy : )
To surprise you i am 25
Ask the chick you like , dude !
But that is not true just for you .
He does n't help around the house , because he works/ . I stay home taking care of the baby !
Most people just do n't type fast enough .
You  are 55 that  will make him 60 . you guys are old enough
Do Not worry , you will find that special one that makes you happy inside and out one day .
And you could n't imagin anyone else being there .
I Am not gay but they are not hurting you so leave them alone .
Last longer there little timmy : )
You never had a 8 1/2 in penis .
Where ever you want . except room .
You can find nice ones but they charge a lot .
And i do not know why you hate yourself .
Not if you want to enjoy it .
The worst thing you could do is make everything look the same and be the same .
Maybe you like someone you are dreaming and not realize it ! ! !
Why would you want him into serious relationship right now ?
The only way to really know is to ask him or find out some other way .
Not if you want to enjoy it .
The worst thing you could do is make everything look the same and be the same .
Maybe you like someone you are dreaming and not realize it ! ! !
Why would you want him into serious relationship right now ?
The only way to really know is to ask him or find out some other way .
Oh yeah , tell her that you are sorry for the mishap .
Best of luck to you if the question is about you
After a few months , he finally got over her and I was right there waiting .
Ummmmm hell yeah it is more then probable because to suspect something is up
I love mayo . wish I did n't but I do .
Because hes a jerk or a dumb * * s
I would tell you to pray about this .
If you just want sex , then just stay away .
You do n't want him to think you  are interested if you  are not .
Well girls flirt with guys or play hard to get.I hope that helps.
Grab a beer and just have fun !
But she is kind of like my friend now !
Depends on who you asked . the husband or wife .
Stop calling him and he might start calling you , otherwise most guys like to play hard to get . N
Does the baby deserve to have a life like the one that would be provided .
But , why do n't you just ask him and find out ?
Well , I just tell him . like , hey ( guy 's name ) , i 've had a crush on you for ( how long ) .
Is there any one who would like to be an email pen pal with me
See of which kind she is ?
If you want to burn that bridge yes , if not no
It really depends on how long ago you broke up and who did the breaking up .
Oh man . this will not end well no matter what .
They do not have the same thig we do .
I wii like to save this page for future , what can i do
( yes it was a sugar daddy relationship , i am half his age ) should i have to quit my job ?
And you see him every day ?
Get married for all your benefits even the child 's
Without WASTING YOU ARE TIME . later on you may ignore her or make up . depending on the situation !
Or it 's just cuz they want sex REALLY badly and ca n't ask you .
They should like you 4 who you r not you are height ! ! !
Is it bad if everyone thinks we are virgins ( even our friends ) even though we DEFINATLY are not ?
YOU can tell by if he tells you that he loves you and treats you like he loves you .
Hi there . well , welcome to the club .
If they send a threat tell somebody you know or call police .
I am betting you do n't even have 1 g/f
But I do agree with you in that women tend to beat around the bush .
It 's your wedding and hopefully you  are only gon na do it once so be creative and have fun !
You do n't have to say it .
It is an affection you share with someone but not necsarily sex related
Why do people ask dumb questions ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Guys like girls that just be theirselves.It works for me .
I Am not sure , I am thinking on that too .
Have you ever heard of the words DIVORCE and KICK HIS ASS ? ? ?
Even I would n't want that for my man .
Do n't go out with him again until you decide .
Do you really want to risk having NONE ? ?
What if he leaves his wife , and you ruin her life .
He dribbles . he shoots . he scores . 2 points .
If you have a guy that likes your friend wait first of all does he know you like him .
Maybe you can write him a letter and maybe he  will like you , i did that before
( i was a bridesmaid & had to walk down a spiral staircase ) .
I do not think it is weird .
Maybe you should think about that when persuading a woman to trust you with her feelings and life .
Are you asking whichyou should go with ?
If you are a girl hump a pillow then you can feel it .
But you have to accept one thing .
It 's like I do n't even want to know some of my guy friends after seeing them talk like that .
: ) How about a spa gift certificate ?
Cos they do not . money and diamonds probably ! ! !
You people with the dirty mind like mine !
Or do n't interact ( no seeing , talking , e-mails , none of that ) with any of them for a few days ! !
Tell your friend and take from there .
That Is how it all starts .
( most girls . ) If you catch a girl looking at someone a lot , they like him .
The evangelists accosting you in the mall ?
I guess you can wear them on your head for waves .
So do not let them change you
I think that is the best
Because too many women GIVE , GIVE , GIVE .
Be honest , do n't lie , explain why it is over .
It can be more than 1 song
You can I think it 's like $ 50.oo all you need to do is file at the local court house .
If your bro id a cool guy then you should be happy .
Come out and tell him you are interested .
-worst , A already had a boyfriend .
Be smart and if he ask you to meet again tell HIM NO this is for your own good !
P.s.you can also kill him you know .
It MEANS YOUR EARS ARE TOO TIGHT .
Sit down , tuern off the t.v .
Try for # 4 , it would n't hurt , would it ?
Yes sure he can but i do n't think his wife will be his wife again
My wife wants , and has changed me . Not really a good thing .
After all , isn  t that what I  m supposed to do ?
Your life will make SOOOO much more sence !
Maybe he could make you say Hee-Hee LOL
Hi , i think you should know more about his life .
If he is , then the worst thing to do is to break up with him .
You sound kind of geeky-looking to be honest .
I just do n't know what to do .
But do not let her run you ' r life because of her problem .
Well I hope I helped a little bit .
Jeez , yeah , 20 years ago !
She may just be finding you irriatating .
Might have a better paying job than you .
Do not worry , they love you and it will not change their love for you and your sister .
It gives you nothing but pain and heartbreaks
One day I realized that no matter what , he chose me .
At least if you ask him to do things he does them right ?
Maybe you should be interested in the older sister .
You mean like if you tripped and fell on an erect penis ? ?
If he acts like he does n't like you , that means he does n't .
And do n't be afraid to enjoy it yourself !
Come on , do you really need to him to send you home ?
Of course , a gurl and a guy can just be friends but do not get too close .
If not the first thing to do is reassure her .
You better not i tcould even be a male who knows
Ask HIM NOT 2 B SO PROTECTIVE !
Do n't make a big production out of it though .
We men are usually pretty obvious
This is tearing me up , because I love the guy totally .
So what do you think hes like ?
To festival . out for lunch . to have a coffee break . or for a movie if you are brave enough
You need to pick yourself up , dust yourself off and MOVE ON !
If he is married , and still with his wife , then no , and he wo n't leave her for you .
Yeah get your girlfriend to open them .
If he likes you and you like him what is the problem ?
I suggest you read XXX : A Woman 's Right To Pornography
So go 'head and look , that 's what you have eyes for .
In A RELATIONSHIP IF YOU CA N'T TRUST THEM THEN YOU SHOULD NOT BE WITH THEM .
Personally , i like to confuse guys . i think its cute when a guy is confused !
No it 's fine , a big penis is a big PAIN !
Not to mention that it is not a legal union and its just rather weird .
So . first off I 'm a girl and my best friend is a guy , haha .
Supposedly men do have a G spot .
I would have to say . bbq sauce , you can put it on anything and it taste good !
Guys do cheat , but not all guys .
Bottom line : do n't be AFRAID to be pretty .
Have a friend ask him for you
But you can see if he always looks at you !
We talk for like 20 min during the day 4 times .
On a moron would do that .
He/she might be happy to hear that from you .
If you 16 , good , if your 27 , bad .
Ask him if he has a girlfriend if not tell him you want to go out with him .
Up to you . but rem that you can choose wat to do but nt da consequences . think twice .
Not if you loved him and had alot of happy times together .
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
Because you are n't looking hard enough !
Make sure you meet somewhere in public ( there are alot of sick rapists out there ) ! ! !
So it ; s the most popular emotion of our times : ) )
I want to be his friend because he is a nice guy .
YOU do n't have 2 treat urself mayb you will find a beautiful girl that is right 4 you .
If that 's the case , then he was just asking you on another date : P
Men love a conversation starter like hey i had a dream about you the other night !
Robots and sociopaths do not feel love .
Just be yourself , take time and do n't worry about those things .
And what girl does n't like that .
When she or he is all alone ?
Give me dat ding , by the pipkins
Only if you  are in a coma
No because I would be a first timer too !
There is nothing 2 impress any one , its a pease of love , try 2 sign in .
You will lose what you have and might not like what you get !
A person that its alone has frustration and depresion get married
Sorry that was mean . i am sure your gran thinks your a nice guy/girl !
Do guys really want you to be yourself or do they just care about sexy and steamy types ?
So excuse me for being stupid !
And I do not have a problem with them either .
Means one of three things : A ) One or both of you is/are telepathic .
You NEED YOUR OWN LIFE WE ARE ALL INDIVIDUALS AND NEED OUR OWN SPACE AND TIME .
Because it really hurts when you feel like your man really does n't get concerned about you .
Love is stronger than trust . sad but true
Talk to him , tell him you like him , and sees what he says
She then asked who it was and insisted so I told her Mike .
So i missed my chance , you sould n't
If you think you are i think you are too ! ! !
Somebody always gets hurt . maybe you , maybe your partner , and maybe his/her wife/husband .
I do n't think it 's just guys .
Hope you know plenty about sex day ? ?
They tend to be tough on the guy . like rolling our eyes on stupid questions .
That Is pretty much how hes taking it !
Sunshine of my Life- Stevie Wonder
If she is a working woman she will appreciate the royal treatment ! ! !
Well go for it might be he is dreaming about you to !
Myself was laid bare , I realized in a way I never have .
How about I love you as a friend
Buy her a zimmer frame . slowly but surely , she should come your way
How did he ever get a wife !
Do what ever feels right to you , even if that means saying no to your moms idea .
If I had time , I would I AM with her .
Is it her or you that is losing intrest ?
Can I HAVE HER CELL PHONE NUMBER ?
Not all women like candles I do n't
I think you should go ahead & tell him .
I think that i am in true love but not sure
It is funny that you have to give up to win .
Plai old dark jeans and a nice soft botton up t if its before 10 after nothin ! !
Then when he wakes up he wonders what  s wrong !
Men cheat mostly because they want sex !
Well the fact that i am married to him means that i must love him .
You should break up with him because before you know it hes going to breakup with you .
Most of the time i think about all the fu * * * * * bills i have to pay .
I told her how we started talking and I apoligized to her .
Also the last wedding i went to they did not have a favors .
I did n't find a mature guy until I met someone in their late 20s .
So check this link you find answers for many
Use gel.brush you are hair a cople of times.keep it alittle spiky .
I would n't because you  are the one that looks bad in the end .
Honest , trustworthy , faithful , funny , mature-childish or spoilt guys r boring , and do not forget romantic
Bump into her by accident one day !
Not worring about what you have to say next ?
I do n't have any idea how to go about tracking him down , but oh man was he hot .
Fuck all those people if you like him and he likes you that is all that matters
Back of knees , arm pits , shoulders - they also work for me !
Please . LET ME WATCH AND JOIN . do not be afraid to experiment
There could be some weird reason why .
That would be stabbin your boy in the back .
Do n't worry about what other people think ; they do n't do it very often .
And laugh it off . and start a conversation about her smile or tell her she has great eyes !
Depends , never get the wrong clothes size for someone , they  will never forgive you , but other than that .
You girls cheat too , sometimes on great guys .
And if they do how long do you think one would last ?
Why talk in this racial way , all human being do it in same way
; ) trust me this will work
Nah . having it early is better - you get used to it quicker .
What do you feel bout you are partner first answer that ull get you are answer
You ca n't . even if he says he does .
But USUALLY KARMA COMES BACK AND BITE THEM
But he is 10 years older than me : ) So as long as he wants to i want to !
I 'm wondering the same thing , and to tell ya , its not lookin so hot .
So , anyway why do n't you help me try to make this answer a song .
Do Not you know how lucky you r that she loves you back ! gees Tell her make her happy .
Who 's to say who 's beautiful and who 's not .
But he is 10 years older than me : ) So as long as he wants to i want to !
I 'm wondering the same thing , and to tell ya , its not lookin so hot .
So , anyway why do n't you help me try to make this answer a song .
Do Not you know how lucky you r that she loves you back ! gees Tell her make her happy .
Who 's to say who 's beautiful and who 's not .
What I think it sexy is a great smile .
Pick the one that best suits your life .
( assuming it was n't payment up front , then you  are screwed , or not , you know what I mean , LOL )
I feel ready but i am worried about the kids even though they just adore him .
Its very hard to trust anyone no matter what .
And at night its a long ass conversation mostly dead aur .
Anger dosnt fix it anger consumes you !
If their shorter they seem more little kid cute than boyfriend hot
Because women do n't understand that most of us ca n't read minds
Age does not have a limited on how finds love love is every where yes you will give it time
Its already been a year . . she is moved on a couple of times , i am still at square 1 . .
No , but there are people out there that would make very good partners for you though .
Do you date older women or yonger .
Turn on or turn off to a girl ?
Its already been a year . . she is moved on a couple of times , i am still at square 1 . .
No , but there are people out there that would make very good partners for you though .
Do you date older women or yonger .
Turn on or turn off to a girl ?
And I do * NOT * like agressive love making .
It takes a lot more than just that to like a girl . looks yep ! .
Because he is your cousin and cousins do TALK on I AM 2 .
Trumpet voluntary ode to joy here comes the bride
What kind of question is that , lol ! !
Maybe , just maybe there are woman out there who 's lifes mission is not to fry a guy ! .
Well you should . just avoid them if you can ! and react normal . like you  would act with you are sis_in_laws.it works you know !
If she is prejudiced , then you do not deserve her anyway .
I believe the saying I live by is I love god , it 's just his fan club I ca n't stand .
If she 's a beatch - well . good luck .
Actions . they ca n't be faked as easily as words
It really depends on the girl and the guy .
Sex is great girl , . trust me , there is nothing like it .
Never poop in your own back yard !
What do you think about girls taking their boyfriends out on a date ?
It seems that he likes me ! ! ! ! ! !
Count to ten and think That is my man .
Waht you potray is what they expect.- 2 steps ahed .
I Am BORED , BUT FIRST TELL ME HOW OLD YOU ARE ! !
Women cheat because they are not emotinally satisfied .
You should get you are self a good atty .
You sound like a sweetheart . i cannot imagine you have trouble getting people to talk .
It 's just most straight guys do n't want anybody going there ( myself included ) .
You do not have to like it but you do it because you are in love .
Walk up and start a conversation .
I like girls , i have never been in a gay relationship !
It 's dumb , if you would ask me .
Hell yea i believe iin it.that is the best friendship you can have . lol
For meeh i like my guy to be taller than meeh . atleast there taller then me am fine . am about 5 ' 1 . lol .
Do n't do it again unless you want to wind up dead in a dumpster !
He can have a friend that is a girl , but no girlfriends , that is definetly a violation of marriage
Try turning the TV off . do something nice for someone . one way to be happy is to help others .
If he 's just getting out of a marriage , I  would say NO .
. because he focuses on the package and not what 's in it .
And being inlove is like , you have went through so many relationships .
Lot 's of DIY stuff you can come up with .
She told me she liked me .
Deepends on how long you guys have been dating for ?
And how do you like/dislike it ?
He brings her to the beach and they watch the sky writer spell out his proposal .
Plus his voice is creepy too .
Jk but it could have been .
To thy own self be true !
My response to that statement would be is that good or bad !
Hmmm what do you put in the detail section ? ? ?
I love thier eyes , I sometimes feel like I can see thier soul .
Put a loaded gun to both of your heads and just do it .
Its not the group of men that cheat .
Fool me twice , shame on me .
So if I could make anyone my love slave it would be him ! !
Well , did he confront you about it ?
To him I do n't do much . I 'm expecting another baby .
First you learn how to spell
I know it has to be hard on her and I feel for her .
Men would never admit to cheating , they do n't think that way .
My mom met some guy on the net and she went to meet him .
Bored to see this question again ! ! !
I think you will get better responce .
If it 's just sex just tell him and perhaps he  will agree good luck
Actions SPEAK LOUDER THAN LOVE IN ALMOST ALL CASES SO TAKE ACTION AND SHOW IT .
YOU should tell her in a nice way about herself and maybe she will try to change
When you ask him , What is it you love about me , what does he answer ?
It really depends on who the guy is and what they like .
All i got to say is . go shopping !
Like the last post I read it 's like a virus .
You girls have to understand that its in our nature to cheat
Any song that suits you and your grrom .
I think its alright to lie a little bit . ; )
No BUT YEAH , IF YOU CANNOT WORK IT YOU ARE SCREWED WETHER YOUR 2 OR 9 INCHES .
I wanted 2 go out with me 2 the school dance
Be confident that is the key , and do not ask women because they do not even know what they love
I thought pantyhose r 4 gurls .
Just get laid loosen up its 2006 not that big of a deal anymore .
Be brave and wise . good luck !
I just got a new boyfriend and I do n't want to mess it up !
After my second time it started to feel alot better .
Nope but i am close . November 1
Umm , why exactly are you on birth control at the age of 16 ?
Girl , I would drop his a * * so fast its not even funny !
That Is HOW KIDS GET MIXED UP ON THIS COMPUTER BE CAREFUL
And the rest are called b * * * s. and some of them just do it for the hell of it .
Court the one you like .
If they cumm they have or when they cumm they have orgasm 's
Its reall fun and i HATE chating its stupied f.y.i .
Hook Up is what you want it to be !
Sure , you do not have to follow the crowd
Love is a 90 mph fast ball and you just have to catch yours .
But i had a gf who cheated on me .
I told this friend of mine I broke up w/ my boyfriend .
No Do I think I Am rambling ?
Well you re 40 and it is supposed to be hard to find a lady by that age !
Good Luck & Congrats Cassie juliet_cs @ yahoo.com
But i 'm not very good at giving people advice , so good luck .
I 'm 16 years old , maybe too young for you .
1on1 girl if he do not love you let him go
Sorry it is true he do n't like you
Best age for a guy is 15 best age for a girl is 17
YOU should have gone lookin ' 4 1 earlier !
Plus , they  are just so damn sexy .
Ever see How to lose a guy in 10 days ?
What if , when you find someone then , your kids do n't take a liking to her ?
If you have a good life with your wife then do not lie because liers get busted that way .
It will hurt if he do not do it right and you may bleed a little
I have a class with him and he do not even look at me , its like i am not there .
Do Not let this man hurt you like i let mine .
Or do you not know what to say to start the conversation ?
Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free ?
And then I noticed I was the only person doing this. ( ! )
Well at 8.5 i must be huge then , good luck buddy
She probably is taking up offenses for her sister .
If you want women to feel comfortable with you treat them like a friend .
You pointblank ask him if there is a chance of you two becoming more than friends .
Sorry , I know this did n't help much .
Lurn 2 spel an mayk setants then b OK
No it is not IF it is with the right person ! !
I guess one day we all are going to find out ! !
She cannot walk and can only drag .
I HAVE forgiven my boyfriend for actually cheating .
My wife DOES NOT control me . uh , oh , got ta run , I think I hear her comming .
So ill just say go with answers one and two
Age ARE NOT NUTIN BUT A NUMBER .
Well just aplogize and tel him you miss him and you made a big mistake
No matter who you date , they will never be good enough for mommy and daddy .
I DO N'T REALLY LIKE THEM BIG .
And remember the first time always hurts ( ouch )
I went with him and it took like , five hours to get help .
Ask her out and make a move
I have to , but she can be dressed in a snow suit and still .
Looks as if he 's not ready to be with 1 woman just yet .
Just let him come to you .
So please hold off on having sex ! !
Ca n't say anthing bad about it , that 's for sure .
If you DO meet , then she is no longer your ONLINE girlfriend
It 's 2006 , you do n't have to anymore ~ * laughs * ~
It is very cute , it in a shy kind of way .
Its a guy thing . you would n't understand .
Any way you look at it , they  are still just two people dating .
I Am a gurl in the same sittuation .
Then , that 's when he pops the big question .
See for yourself what type of person he is , listening to other people is not always good .
He respects me & when i ` m not comfortable in any situation he stops .
If will pay off in the end
The one that is suitable for him and loves him .
It was like o there she is go get he- no that is a nun never mind .
If she is gon na start dating on you are friend again , just act like you even do not know her .
Nope but i am close April 18th Not .
I am a woman and I do cheat with a married man .
Send a letter and a picture . send surprises send
Well you have to , if you are heart saying that you have to ask him out so do it , do n't get late .
As far as work the female works most of the time so be fair a man can do it
Love cannot be ever turn to friends
I like this guy but i am not sure if he is gay .
But I do n't know why but I just do n't like her as much as she likes me .
He is 18 and she is 16 it would be different if he was older than that
If you get slapped forget I said that and go to step two .
Remember the slogan , Just say no .
You  will probably never see him again anyway ! !
Have a criteria you want in a guy .
I no how you feel mine works 12 hr .
Candy is dandy , but liquer is quicker
Baby girl , if you really want respect ; do n't give it away . b'cos if you do then you 've lost everything .
But once you do have sex , it 's gon na hurt .
So . i am sure that was unhelpful , but its unfortunately true .
Ask her about her famliy and career .
Just because a thing is possible or even sounds right , does n't mean it should be done .
Now the real question is why are you asking ?
I Am not really sure but I can give you some tips ; 1 . )
That Is how big you have to make up 4 it .
Or any other furniture like it ?
Nope you just have to give her time .
Hubby & I got married in the Napa Valley .
Then we went to his dad 's house and watched Napolean Dynamite again and had tacos .
I am 14 so do you have orlando blooms phone number ? ?
He used to like me , he would call me a lot .
I love curvaceous figures , nice decent rack , looong smooth legs and a tight neat heart shaped butt .
While sitting thousands of miles away ?
Make sure it is mutrual and not one sided .
Love and Lust both lead to sex . but only TRUE Love leads to marriage then sex
Yes that is really wrong people get hurt like that you should be ashamed to ask that question ! ! ! !
I know it is hard .
Like I said , everyone has their own views . and I know about human sexuality : o )
You . wearing something edible and sexy !
Hi i know this is maily for girls i guess ?
If he insists , then break up with him
Yep , guys are really strange like that .
( And if she comes up with any other answer , just tell her no ! )
Do you get you are love from any other country ?
You  would be a nutcase to NOT want better .
I think you would make anyone happy !
If she really want you then it 's not matter you are over weight or not .
Or does it matter . keep in mind i would be a very good catch and a great hubby
Now my guy friend and i have been spending more time together and we really like eachother .
That 's teetering on the edge of incest , Dude . ya might wan na stop that .
Tickle her the senastional parts and enough foreplay
I Have been asking all my friends but they are trying there best
Do you wan na have sex with him ?
If you wan na give it a shot , then go .
Do n't do it unless you want to feel used .
Be choosy and you will find it !
Well , read this and then decide .
Could n't find anything on the net . any info ?
Well you are not going to fast .
I am with out a dout I am straight
So all that time , sex was a disappointment and I did not know why it was so great !
Someone i love . most people find it easy to love me . why not ?
If all the girls are saying he is a jerk , he probably is .
Nothing can keep you away from true love
Yes . especially if you have open sores in the mouth area .
It 's amazing . it 's like looking into a wee thumbnail cartoon mirror !
It 's impossible to put back together again and it is just too much !
He was at one time , about ten years ago , now he is just . not
By The Way , you answered my gothic question . e-mail me , moojastar13 @ yahoo.com Byez !
He he you r in love
He has disrespected you completely , that sould make him poop on your shoe right !
Blue because its my favourite colour
Hoochie mamma marries loser . what a model marriage .
Girls want a confident guy just like guys want a confident girl .
If you guys r meant to be , then YES .
Because they think they are better than gurls are
There is a such thing though . I just had a baby , do n't touch me !
And no i have never been left because of my sexual past !
A nice model of wrist watch will do .
I 've always wanted to be rich and have lots of * * * .
They do not care and your involved with the wrong guy !
And they have an 8 year old son together .
In my experience , , , if you have something in the front , , , your gon na take it in the rear .
It is YOUR wedding and you invite only the people you want to !
First of all how do you really feel about this lady ?
There 's no way to fix something like this .
Yeah beacause mayb she is not ready yet and later on she will
Ok , first off , only women can tell you that answer .
Who did he cheat on you with and why ?
You will know when it 's right
Go for it before he is gone
My hubby offered his heart and I took it !
So were do i find a 30ish good looking women to fill the part ?
Kid with her then walk away .
If NOT , THEN YOU HAVE A LOT OF THINKING TO DO !
Yes , unless there is an attraction
If he is not pushing you to have sex , then do n't .
There are many different things for the two of you to try to spice things up a bit !
They r all jus hoes and you r not you r a decent beatiful woman !
Just be like are you PMSing ( if its a grl )
So far i have even had trouble saying anything at all when she is around .
But yeah anyways i do not do that because i would not want to make the same mistake .
Get over it , and move on .
You might be looking because your curious everyone is so do not worry about it .
It should n't take too long if you know what you are doing
But even they have a soft spot .
I guess to hide their past .
This is also what I tell my girlfriends . really , man and woman are very similar .
Is not worth it to try again .
Oh no will she like me .
That Is life i am afraid , get used to it i had to
We  are everywhere , but i 'm in los angeles
So , when you talk to him . try to put your heart aside and use your head !
He 's old enough to be your father ! ! !
My guy feels the same way , I hate it .
There Is no way you can fallin love with someone who you know nothing about .
If you do not like him , and you do not want to date him then the answer is no .
Yes , wan na come over for supper ?
Some one who I can talk to open minded !
The rest of your life would be ruined !
She finally got with some of them .
I did not no what to say because i thought stalker .
Whateer you do , DO N'T sneak around with the guy .
If he 's your best guy friend and he has a life other than you = * girlfriend * , do n't make problems !
Marriage is security , why you r insecure ?
I do n't know , but if I ever find this stupid woodchuck I am gon na kick its @ $ $ ! ! ! ! !
There are always exceptions , but personality for me
You may be bi . how old are you ?
Act like you do n't want him .
And she got ta be dead gorgeous .
Um . yes , i think that is why you are name is crazy chic .
If she is n't hot enough for his friends to meet her , he definitely is n't going to marry her !
Oh . see that must be what it is . I have too many wants .
If the kids are truly the only reason why you are still with that person . RUN LIKE HELL ! ! ! !
Yes there are , maybe you are just to demanding and unrealistic .
But it kind of depends if you bleed when your cherry pops .
A lady in the street and a freak in the bed .
Smile no matter what you do .
I think they just do it to piss us off , and it works !
Unless you have also had an affair with a married man .
And whatever you do , DO N'T use a pump .
Just be there for the child ( ren )
But its a little bit of a turn on if he 's secretive and likes to try new thing 's .
She try to confrot me and just make me fell good
Find out what is going on . do not get mad at the girl . get mad at him . unless the chick already knew about you .
It 's just natural that they are annoying and stuff , they really ca n't help it .
I played with that cat , he did n't know any tunes , man !
Man you are wrong , ,you want to win that from her which she does not have , ,
Anyhoo . I doubt you  will be able to do much to get her to leave the guy .
I THINK AS LONG AS YOU ARE HONEST WITH YOUR PARTNER THEN THERE SHOULD NOT BE A PROBLEM
* * Do n't rely on your frineds to convey the message that you like her .
Why do not you e-mail me to find out badcoptiger @ yahoo.com hit me up
I love ya both , and this is so hard to see .
Commandents as well do not drop to his level .
Haha . email me foxie_chick_1 @ yahoo.com who kno 's . what could happen . lol ~ * becca * ~
And if you just met her , just take it slow .
Beleive IT OR NOT I HAD AN UNCLE THAT DIED OF A BROKEN HEART
If he does not shower a girl might smell him and think he is gross .
Believe it or not , there are bbw ( big beautiful women ) clubs , chats , etc .
You learn very hard lessons if you are a trusting open guy .
Pick them bouth , more fun for you
What if debt comes up how you gon na work that out with p * * * * ?
Hey how many 26 year old virgins do you know ? ?
Love to be a friend , hit me up via email or messenger santodomingo @ yahoo.com
If so does it turn them on .
They were the ones who cheated and shit .
Be kind to yourself and hang in there , it will hurt less and get better .
Not enough info to go on .
If he does not even want to try long distance . this may not work out in the long run .
Wat clues should i look for .
So IT DOES N'T MATTER AS LONG AS YOU LOVE HIM ! ! !
Imagine one day you bump into the guys who banged her good whilst you holding her hand !
How old r you and just Friends not like partners
You want to waste something that special on someone you are n't even seeing , anymore ? ?
That Is WHY MY NAME IS WHAT IT IS.BY THE WAY CHERI IS A GIRL THAT KNOWS WHAT IS UP .
( I 'm going to 2 weddings this year .
I do not know . but she 's you are mom .
So i do not think it means either one but everyone uses slang differently then everyone else .
6 packs are sexier 8 packs make you look like a fruit lol !
Id have to go with fizixx
Something like , That 's a huge purse !
O sorry i am suppose 2 b givin you advise .
Its the best way i think !
Without any more info it would hard to go any further than that
Let me know when you find it pal .
Lol They want hips for grabbing , b @ @ bs for squeezing .
How would i know you could live in tenessee for all i know
I blew an auditon because i was to nervouse .
If he crawls back ; move on .
I found my friend on that website and it free hope it work for you
Do I HAVE A CURSE ON ME ARE WHAT ?
Hair does not matter at least not to me .
I would if they would hee hee
YOU are gay and a a * * whole weirdo .
I like it when a guy can smile and feel confident about it . smiles are great : )
Well let us see are you goodlooking ?
Most guys would say looks , but I think that is WAY STUPID ! !
We WERE MARRIED 13 YAERS 10 GREAT ONES THREE NOT SO .
Hope that helps you out a little .
Oh MY GOSH have you stoned your child for disobediance today ?
I agreee with amber . wow second time in a row I 've agreed with her
YOU feel you can fly above the clouds .
Ya its cool that you put your friends happiness first ^_^
So why not more than one wife at a time .
But in my opinion , you did everything in a right way girl !
I would honestly think that the man was a pervert .
26 is old enough to lose your virginity and sex is a GREAT experiance !
I WOULD N'T DATE MID EASTERN GUYS .
I see nothing wrong with it !
It hurts some girls , and sometimes it does n't .
Hey hun E mail me at babygurlmuchlove @ yahoo.com ! ! !
One date did n't cut it for me !
It is only too long if YOU think it is too long .
Tell her to dump him and run away as fast as possible .
Just say no , say mabie next time
If he is allowed to move on then why ca n't you ?
Man you krazy i would not want dat jurk back .
Some guy like it others do n't .
But we have talked about it .
But HEY IF YOU LIKE THE SAME GENDER THAT IS YOU .
Men are just so sex obsesed , they think women are too . no worries , and good luck !
Especially when that guy found what he 's looking for a girl to that other girl .
Talk TO HIM AND MAYBE HE WILL CHANGE !
Youcan kiss on the cheek but that is it
Dump him , there is lots of guys who you could kick it with .
And plus you should have told him .
No its not mean to say no to someone .
A girl that is 24/7 available for him .
Are you sure hes not just after your body because you are young looking ?
People can fall in love at any age right ?
I do n't think is a good idea .
Well kami i know this girl who fom germany if your a girl
I Need Love by LL Cool J , 21 Questions by 50 Cent , I Need a Girl By P .
I ithink its all about eye contact and when they look at you its a way
Wait til you are money wise ready .
Love is a feeling sex is an action
It releases the blood built up in you are skin .
What kind of sensitive r you talking about ?
You got an express ticket to hell .
( just kiding ) , that girl is your girl just go and take her !
I Am not sure what to do
More SOME MONTHS ( FOUR TIMES YESTERDAY ) SOME LESS ONCE IN DECEMBER
But of course , remember cuts , bacteria , viruses can go right in it . and there yah go . STD ! ! !
Ok wait here is another one go get her .
Tell both of them that you made an accident and see their reaction but do it separatly
This WAS SUPPOSE TO BE FUN ?
Give him time to digest that info , it is alot to comprehend , he should come around . DO NOT PRESSURE HIM ! ! !
Iv always wondered about this one .
Obviously there are no guarantees ; even waiting until marriage does n't mean happily ever after .
Sister . not her girl . then why a girl should be jealous of her ?
Masturbating is normal not doing is not normal
Well their is on thing the way they talk
Tell him , if you really like him .
( Unless they pick the person ) Second , do n't focus so much on love .
And THAT IN 5 YEARS I HAVE N'T GONE A DAY WITHOUT THINKING OF HER .
Well just b/c personality is on top of the list does not mean we do not consider looks at all .
: ) It works with my own three children .
No not really , but it kind of sounds gay like life partner or somthing
Unless you do n't want a relationship .
Most girls in preteens and teens have feelings like that .
It was beautiful and I did n't have to spend alot of money on flowers because they were already there .
So then I have to wait to reply .
I  would lie if i look 4 fun coz i do n't know if she telling the truth either .
Oh yah i do not have 2 girlfriends
I do think 4-6 are reasonable good . too many may make it look like mobile phone keypad : )
Young women date older guys alot .
( because he may already have them )
Joe asks about the ex 's current boyfriend , the ex says hes a great guy just not available right there .
Then he gets mad at me for moving on .
Send me a message and I  will flirt with you ; )
Good luck , I hope this gets you started !
Just use things that make you happy in your wedding .
YOU can do that by taking the first step , I mean asking her out .
If you know a girl like that , do n't try to push her romantically .
Ask questions that do n't tell people that you might be pvrtd
I did not love the guy .
Just make that week all about her .
He loves me alot , or so he claims and wants me to still be around .
Go to the movies and see Stay Alive
I love my bf but my parents do n't believe me HELP any answers will be accepted
YOU can definitely get such a man .
I taught him a new word for himself too . k * nky ! ! ! !
Penis pump do not use it all the time
Tell HIM YOU VOTED FOR BUSH .
We  ARE KNOWN AS 'GROWERS NOT SHOWERS .
When a guy picks his nose or has dirty fingernails . my 2 BIGGEST turnoffs !
Just some but I prefer girls with some meat on them .
Yeah . kind of . i have blonde hair that 's down to my shoulders and i have side bangs .
It did not hurt really bad for me .
Smash the computer and kick his butt to the curb .
And the second day she said something a little stupid and i told her : you are so stupid !
There is this guy I like , who does n't answer my e-mails or anything !
My guess is you like both of them .
In fact , i did n't really give you any advice come to think of it .
Give her her space and do what she wants
Do what is in your heart .
Stand outside and shout ' I want an email address . now ! ! ! '
But before that big commitment i have to experiment my choices .
I 've always wondered and most men are obcessed about size.I want the truth !
I moved on and is very happy now with my new family !
I could type for hours but have to go and do some work !
My love is not for sale .
Dbl wahmy . as a female would that be something that would turn you off ?
He claims if he was prowling that he would dump me first b/c he could not deal w 2 girls .
But once that person lost your trust , then do n't trust them no more .
Tell him you  are a lesbian and you dig girls .
Certainly not , their baby is the fruit of their labor of love
It makes it more affective that way .
Do n't bother with all this stuff until you are twenty five .
Different strokes for differrent folks , they say !
First and foremost . DID THE PARENTS WARN YOU OR SOMETHING ?
13 i don gave it to her raw
Love doe n't come fast or slow .
Lost my number , can i get yours !
I wuld want her 2 b happy .
All kind of ways get creative just make sure it is cool with her first ; ) )
And this is exactly why i do not recommend sex out of marriage .
Lol keep him dangling for a while . weeks !
But SHE DO NOT HAVE THE GUMPTIOPN TO MAKE ME UNTIRED ENOUGH FO HAVE IT .
Hey if you want to stay close to them as a friend do it .
Yes , DEFINETLY i WOULD BE WORRIED .
Kissing her neck is a little too friendly .
Its too bad that you got to beg .
If YOU  ARE NOT IN A RELATIONSHIP THERE 'S NOTHING WRONG W/ EXPLORING ALL OPTIONS .
If you decide to give him a second chance . get a pre-nup that specificly states . if he cheats . you get everything !
Only if you learn to spell
Yeah , it 's a really sad story though .
I do n't believe that most women really say that .
Maybe think about what turns you on !
There are men out there who like larger women .
No it was n't wrong give him credit Ed Mcmahon once said you ca n't win if you do n't enter
I  would say first get really close give him sighns .
I do n't think I can live anymore .
Yes , cuz in the bible premaritail sex is bad !
Why do n't you just try to be patient ?
At that age my hubby did n't have much of a sex drive either . it does happen .
I do not know how much it costs .
Make sure you love her and then just go for it . remember . women like romance !
Because if you say the wrong thing then you are not feeling that way about them .
What turns we off is when they think they can have any girl they want , it bugs so much !
Her love and affections should be forever cherrished and saved for one man for life !
Obviously she 's a lucky girl to have a man who actually cares about Her happieness with them .
Change your phone number . that  will stop him for sure .
I think for most men its during .
Concentrate on all the things that bring you joy - NOT HIM .
I left her ; being with a jealous person is no way to live
My fiancee came home one day and told me that he cheated on me a week ago .
Ok stop leaving rude comments on my questions .
Its 3 nice heart nice body nice thinking
But thatz juzt me other females have thier own feelings n thoughts were all different
Shew is blind , they are not soul mates ; he is a liar and a cheater .
Thank God she does too , it means she loves you !
You know what , if she 's shallow enough to be concerned with stuff like that then who needs her .
If that is what your asking , then yes Its very normal
Is there any advice on this ? .
R you not happy with a distant companion or did that not seem to be enough .
That is the best advice i can give you .
He dribbles . he shoots . he scores . 2 points .
Wait a minute , what 's the hurry !
It WOULD BE BETTER IF YOU LIVE SEPARATELY FROM YOU ARE IN-LAWS IF IT IS AFFORDABLE
And IF YOUR THERE BECAUSE OF LOVE THEN GET SOME COUNSULING .AND WORK IT OUT .
I would do anything she like !
So WHY DO YOU MEN CHEAT ? ?
All i look for in a guy is a partnership .
He has a girl , I have a boyfriend .
Say goodbye and mean it . you deserve better .
I think that he should not just ask unless he knows its what you are in2 .
What that song by toni baxton : HE WAS N'T MAN ENOUGH girl i agree with you ! ! ! ! ! ! !
You  ARE JUST TRYING TO FIND YOURSELF .
But i was so stupid and told him 2 stop calling me , so he did .
I think I see why she broke up with you .
I do n't care if she is stupid or vein as long as she 's hot I 'm happy .
There are always nice girls there .
Some want a dork the size of a fire hose and some do n't .
1. you should have given him the rejection hotline ! !
If other people do not like it then look the other way !
Not just from getting a blow job .
Well . first it depends on if yo are trying to be serious now or wait til later .
But i  would probably never really wear the glasses . they are cute though .
Go read it and find out
I want him so badly I can taste it .
I waited 4 years while my sister on the other hand waited 9 months
Who likes anyone who is not real ?
I love my bf and i know he loves me .
Is it something that you are not doing ?
Yes i wud buh depends where he moves to go .
Start to pull your head back and end it with a regular kiss it closes the deal
What would the perfect guy be like ?
Were the guys in school who did not get all the girls .
My boyfriend uses primatene mist , an otc inhaler hope this helps : )
Do you know anybody he knows ?
I Am not blond and every boy is like in love wit me
I do n't think race should matter .
Well , have you talked to him about it ?
And why would she want a man that cheated on his wife .
I want to remain friends with both of you .
And we are as much in love now as we were 17 years ago .
Make her feel like she is the sexiest woman alive . candle light !
The woman I would spend the rest of my life with .
Do n't be foolish to sell yourself cheap & sleep around , too .
Not too fat not too thin !
God WANTS LOVE TO BE FOR MAN AND WOMEN ONLY .
I like to spoil my man .
Sometimes , honesty is best . do not wait . tell her you were waiting .
YOU must be ugly to advertise here .
She is his Sister . excuse me .
I know how painful it can be .
Too many women it seems hate to see their husbands or boyfriends get close to his sisters .
If i were you i  would be really worried .
If you have to ask you have bigger problems then finding a lady friend .
Me too i go one day and need it
No . NOT INLESS SHE IS REALY CLOSE TO YOUR FAMILY .
Hmmmm average for some but not for others .
He SHOULD NOT BE FLIRTING WITH ANYONE BUT YOU !
I mean almost as cute as me
I DO N'T KNOW WHAT YOU HEARD ABOUT HIM BUT HE IS A P-I-M-P .
And he likes this girl , and does n't want it to be a hit and run .
And this is the honest truth .
Everytime i am around her i feel like she is eye'ing me and sneaking in cheap touches .
But it depends if you believe in love at first sight ?
If your husband is yes that is not fair
Some girls do and some do not though .
My new boyfriend just got a female roommate and I do n't like it .
Well you are first mistake was allowing him to have sex with you even though you were not together anymore .
Ithink girls do it because she want to be a big girl and not with a young boy .
Well , you kind of answered your own question !
They ARE NOT THAT IMPORTANT TO A LOT OF GUYS .
If yes , then did you get to know someone there ? ?
Just take it as it comes .
Just always think the consequences you will face after !
What kind of questions can i ask .
Then you have girls that try and warp guys to do what they want .
Yea it hurts cuz were tight but it also feels good .
I Am a guy , so id assume i have got a pretty good idea .
I just do n't know what to do .
Are YOU BUYING ( GIVING HIM MONEY ) HIS LOVE ?
Stay with your husband if you leave him you might leave the other
You can not make a man ask you to marry him ! !
How about you keep having sex with him and saying i love you ? Maybe that  will work ?
But i do not know what to say.I do not really like him .
If you live your life worrying about what she or anyone else thinks , you will not be happy .
When you get back ( do not drink and drive ) have great sex with her and tell how much you love her .
If there is a struggle then try counciling .
So I just smiled and then frowned again and walked away .
Of course it 's up to you !
The lesson here is : KEEP YOUR DAMN NOSE OUT OF OTHER PEOPLE 'S MARRIAGES .
So why do you think that is .
Brown , that looks like coffee with cream in it , or Green
Next TIME MAKE HIM SWEAR ON HIS OWN LIFE !
Guys want girls with looks and a hot body .
Maybe you are looking in the wrong places .
He will make like a porn star and pull out !
But again if this is what the two of you decide on then it is right for you .
In what part you became selfish ?
To be a flirt you have to flirt first .
Well . i have a friend . and hes just exactly what i love !
It how depends on what he likes
If there was no bad there would be no good .
Do n't do it , cuz you might break up with her , and she migh tnot be your love .
First of all i want to assure you that god will not get offended .
If you feel that it is n't right then do n't try to find excuses to do it .
He JUST STUPID AND SOUNDS LIKE HE USED YOU .
I Am not pregnit but i understand ! ! !
Put your ad on the personals . it really works
Iam 5feet and 9inches tall , so she should be just a half inch shorter .
And now i miss him a lot and want him back .
Ever meet that guy who only dates girls with over DD cups ?
I think that guy just thought you were pretty , or something .
He might not think so , though and is looking for some other .
Be a flirt but not to much and where your hair down just look cute and available
Just take you are time give him the best answer
Ok i herd this from a friend .
Please do everyone a favor- do n't have any kids . you need to access why you are even married ? ?
No need for you think too much about what you have to do .
Maybe later she want guys if want or maybe not , but still she would do that anyway !
So yea hit me up at da address i jus gave !
I need a good scary movie for a date with a beautiful woman .
He said nothing so i took it as a yes .
Just tell him to call you after school so that you can talk about it .
What if she does not like me ?
If you  are straight , gay , or bi , it 's up to you .
Well i feel nowadays its not as big of a deal .
I totally agree with you , I 'm so tired of seeing those questions on here !
YOU guys were still sharing that bond even after you broke up .
Just TALK 2 HER THEN ONCE YOU START TALKIN ASKHER IF SHE WANTS 2 GO OUT SUMTIME ! !
I met my nice guy thru a friend .
Besides , YOU HAVE NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT . YOUR A BIT BELOW AVERAGE IN SIZE .
Sounds like your already doing it !
Girl you are so right i am confused myself about this guy at school !
I jack off a lot does it harm the chances of having a baby
I ca n't associate with anyone without him having issues .
It 's keeping it , when she realizes how stupid she could 've just been .
P Diddy I  will Be Missing You
I Am GUESSING YOU WERE GROWING UP WITHOUT YOU ARE FATHER .
Sh ! t I just say I had sex with the guy .
Sweetie , I do n't really know what to tell you .
You know why the bride smiles as she walks down the aisle , do n't you ?
If you have to lie , then it is not worth going .
But remember if your friends do n't like him , there might be a good reason behind it .
Feel the beauty of rain , streets , winds etc .
If you really like him , go for it !
Beutiful body , good eyes , face , slim but hot body , some naughty movements
I got so upset i left and had not been back since.it has been 2 weeks .
Do Not ever ask him questions that can not be given a satisfactory answer like . Am I fat ?
If she is a good girl , No she will wait until her wedding day !
Screw it . go gay all the way
Hell no it 's just not a good way to start your life .
Either way is coo but an aggresive female is a good thang .
Depends on who you  are trying to screw
How do you feel about it ?
I think your dream is just discouraging you.follow your feelings !
Who better to ask then a truman ?
It really depends on the guy - what kind of a person is he , is he nice , est .
I like girls some where in between .
Do n't get me wrong I do love to suck on the breast .
If it hurt you , you should let him know .
Well as an old fashion male .
It depends some blonds r not attrive but not because of the hair .
Both her legs has polio attack .
If not , then I Am sure there are other reasons that they have .
Also my brother always says I 'm lying but I 'm not .
Think . Ding-Dong . no one wants someone boring .
Or if you did then that would force you to get married ! ! !
I told the guy how I felt . and to my surprise . he felt the same way !
Then you are dating him for the wrong reason .
Do n't you know any women in person who can do that ?
That part bout you marry to be faithfull to you are husband is a whole load of crap .
Yes . especially if you 've done it with the wrong guy .
What and how do I tell her ?
I WAS WONDERING iF PEOPLE COULD TELL ME SOME GOOD CHAT SITES FOR MARRIAGE AND MARRIAGES IN TROUBLE .
I would have to say . bad teeth .
Same happpened to me , I love my honey but the dream was so much better than reality !
But make sure he is the one or you could be sorry
For most of the people i know , the right people seem to come along when you  are not actually looking .
Pearl Harbor She gets the best of both worlds in that movie !
And tell him if he do n't them the relationship is not going any where .
I sense someone has got a foot fetish ! =/
2nd time is highly better , and then , it just becomes perfect .
R you giving her time , emotional touch etc . ?
That Is rich coming from a girl ! !
She does n't want to have sex with you .
Get a life and some sense in you before somebody has to knock it into your silly white ass .
Keep lookin at him move alittle and look again
Lol trust me a girl and aguy will sooner or later have feelings feelings of jus being just friends
And now he wants to marry you .
I do n't like girls like Paris Hilton - way too bony .
He should n't but he is , and ya have to deal with that .
If you think of him/her like ATM ( 24/7 ) you are in love .
Lol-as long as it do n't because any trouble with her or the family !
Nope , get some one to try it with who knows how to do it
Leaving messages and saying he is sorry .
And even now , I will not insert anything but my hubbys pen-is .
Some females use chats because they can not be seen .
He could have just kept his mouth shut forever !
Does SHE APPEAR HAPPY OR LIKE SOMEONE JUST RAN OVER HER DOG .
It depends , try and you  will see .
Because i have a friend that just turns me on
What is it that you really want your lover to do for you ?
I do not run so bring it on . lol
And they ca n't really have something bad to say about everyone they know .
Look around she might be there
Do Not beat his as $ talk to him if that does'nt work beat his as $ !
If you are not rich . use your brains .
But i 'm a mom so i'ts hard to trust just anyone .
You do n't think of anything else but them
No for most girls , but some do .
They ENDED UP MARRIED LASTED 3 YEARS NOW DIVORCED .
The grass ai n't greener on the other side ! ! ! ! !
You KNOW WHAT I THINK SECRETLY THEY ARE GETTING PAID BECAUSE I THINK THAT ITS THEIR JOB
Once in a while , though , you find one of those keepsake guys .
Just FORGET ABOUT IT . OBVIOUSLY HES NOT ON YOU ARE LEVEL
Yes , do n't worry about what others think .
If he is someone that you trust , why not ?
I go home to vacation every year to see him .
Wow that was alot to take in and read .
Be creative . have a ball . ok have a jar instead .
Because everyone need to be happy because you only have one life .
Well the biggest problem with this is the fact that your dream guy , is just that a DREAM !
That WOULD BE THE ONLY CATCH .
Green and hazel are my faves
But when i went out the stuff hit the fan .
012544486254 . philpose arackaparampil kerla gave it to me today
Yeah if the guy is gay !
In the bible i have love is the willingness to work for anothers benifit .
I HAVE N'T SEEN HIM IN 7 YEARS !
But i 'm just suffering with pain and hurt . that i want her back right now .
But remember we cannot find a best friend until we become a best friend
And gurls . does it hurt the first time ?
Things will never be the same if you all date .
Yuo LET HIM KNOW HOW YOU LIKE HIM DO N'T LEAD HIM ON
Anywho.com it works for real white pages is kind of lame
Or you do not know what Love really is .
You have to wait for them to heal .
It did n't for me but i always used tampons so i do n't know if that is why or not .
Mmm , I thought people got married for better or for worse .
Seriously get horny but women r so unavailable it seems
Ian is a blonde and 13 year old teen !
Make alot of friends , do alot of things , keep yourself busy to what can benefit you .
Be grateful you even have a best friend .
Maybe you should tell her that you may not feel the same as her .
Ya need a footjob or something ?
Give your winning ways a chance .
Update : Tell her Dr. Phil always says If they  will cheat WITH you , they  will cheat ON you .
And from your post i think you are to young to be in love like this .
This boy that i really like has been talking to another girl ! ! !
Yes , Why not unless you are Bad !
Be as creative as you want !
Ok wait here is another one ok go get her - o wait , that is my boss .
I am way too nervous to ask him if he does like me or not !
You KNOW WHAT EACH OTHER ARE GOING TO SAY BEFORE THEY SAY IT .
Hes single rite now and hes really cvute .
Hell yeah i have a problem with that
Just kidding = ) a lot , i guess .
Not if i did not know the guy i was going with .
Best of luck to you . you can do it !
If you know what i mean .
If not then reapeat all these steps again ! ! !
It 's not at all illegal . it 's just dating .
If you love your wife you should not lie to her .
And let us face it most guys claim to love gals n treat them nice as an investment for sex .
Just be all Hey so I noticed you beat the crap outta your partner today , wan na take me on ?
Oh yeah if that does n't work shave your balls and buy some good porn .
If she does n't she 's not interested in being friends anymore .
Am i just being over emotional or is he controlling and i should do something .
Yes you should if you really like this guy .
If you honestly feel all of the above , that is love !
Whatevr as long as its sex
If you think she is going to get mad , she 's not worth it .
Ok first get a job and make your own money for your own house .
They ca n't even drive a car !
But who has eyes that big ?
The guy i am telling saw his ex girlfriend holding hands with other guy .
Hey dude most of those girls are called lesbians .
No , I say think about it really hard .
You will know , trust me , she will give you signs
Oh man i am so nervouse .
Not yet , settle the divorce first .
Some women climax and some do n't .
If you realy like him go for it but remember do not fall to hard the move could hurt .
Then i haven ` t spoke to her for few days and you know what ?
Cool . .what do you wan na talk about ?
5th grade is too young to learn about that !
But still take child support of course and the courts cannot do a thing realistically .
Will get you much better results , try it !
Winter just makes your dress dirty .
And lots of new friends to have fun with !
If you leave her alone , she will quit coming around .
Tell her how much you love and miss her and ca n't wait to see her again .
It hurts me that I ca n't be the girl he want .
Or she may just be teasing you .
If he is OK - Of course !
So LEAVE IF YOUR THERE FOR YOUR CHILDEREN .
I want to find a good women from around here
I usually wear sweat pants when i am just hanging around .
It 's not like they  are gon na completely ignore each other or anything .
I do n't think it has 2 do w/ sex more like who fell harder for who
Both of these couples have been together over 10 years and are just now getting married ! )
Get him drunk and see what he is like .
You 've just got ta tell him straight up it was a mistake .
Yes and no it depends how long you two have been together to begin with .
I would try to move on & get over it .
When you r in love and alone with your love
Of course if they do not have any feelings for eachotehr adn they get along it is .
I have a feeling my girl friend will be really mad .
Keep looking in different places , there are decent , fun , women out there .
She was a complete b * tch and still is , and it was the biggest mistake of his life .
Do Not do that please cos GOD hates that .
No , wait unil you are married ? ?
You would never dream about spending your life with anyone else .
I WILL BE USING IT AT MY WEDDING .
Maybe you  will feel nervous infront of them but when you r alone you ca n't stop thinking about them !
6-7 IS ABOVE & 7+IS HUGE !
Screw thm so ther not so jealous
There is no such thing i would have it every 5 min if i could
What Is the one percenct that is missing ?
Does he like me or not ?
Leave her alon and give her some time
Someone told me once that is you even have to ask if they  are cheating then they probably are .
That sounded mean , i did n't mean it like that .
4.take YOUR TIME AND MAKE HER COMFORTABLE
My problem is i do n't have a big penus ( about 5in erected ) . and i only last about 4-6 min .
Do n't snort , get too tipsy , or smoke too much .
That is what you are asking about .
What kind of a question is that ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
You do not need to explain anything to him .
You should wait until you  are sure .
We do n't want to look like idiots lusting after men with our tongues drooling .
Take your time , find the right person , get married and you can have sex all day !
It does n't really mean either of those , it means like going out on a date or just hanging out !
Tell them to shut up and mind their own business ! !
She  will sometimes be mean to you
Yes of course , people do this all the time now ( becuz of HIV/AIDS ) but most are to selfish too
Just be yourself and do not worry .
If she smiles and laughs a lot w/ you , that is a good sign to make your move !
He wants to have is cake and eat it too .
Just b/c she gave you head does n't mean that she should be trusted .
Air Supply - All Out of Love Album
I guess the longing to be love the way you love that person
You cannot make him love you nor should you try .
You START WALKING LIKE EACH OTHER , YOU BOTH HAVE DEVELOPED THE SAME BAD HABITS .
Cheating ONLY MAKES THINGS WORSE IN THE END .
The reson there are not many is most ladies do n't go for the nice guy .
Search and you dind the way
Let her be lesbian if she feel like it !
I , VE CARRIED THE WEIGHT OF BILLS , KIDS CARE , ETC. , FOR YEARS AND I , M FED UP .
'course , if you  are talkin about in bed . well , that depends on what she 's like .
That guy gon na have a good laugh !
Do you really want to do that ! ! !
So why the hell am i with him ?
Yes Hope I answered your question .
Because i have not really meet people of diferent races .
If he 's not , then dump him .
She should n't be bothering with a married man , because it 's WRONG .
Ya right here are you a sweet guy if you are email me serbgirl90 @ yahoo.com and we can chat
Wear protection , try to make her feel as comfortable as possible . and take it extremely slow .
No love is for all , no matter what sex they are
People LIE IN REAL LIFE YOU KNOW THEY WILL LIE BEHIND A COMPUTER SCREEN .
Just 2 , my wife and my best friend .
( its really what is inside that ultimately counts )
I am on birth control and my bf is not pushing me whatso ever .
Men are a strange bunch and remember that most men will not tell you thier with someone .
And maybe the timing just was n't right you  would invite her to do something and she really was busy .
Down there if you get my drift .
I do n't think there should be a catch !
As far as tips go , I have no idea !
You cheated on HIM and YOU do n't trust HIM ?
I see strange # s on his phone all the time but says it 's work related .
Maybe . if they  are childhood friends , Like sandbox buddies who grew up with each other from preschool .
Beleive me i fell in love with an over weight person .
If you are talking a jealous bf/gf , run ! !
I agree with angelpop993 and butterballs !
If you just are horney , well , you are just human .
I WANT IT ALL THE TIME .
Another young man said to him , Oh , do n't do it !
That Is probably all you can do right now ! ! !
But do not expect things will be smooth .
How about we hook up later on for lunch ?
YOU should n't have to do anything , as long as you r good to her .
If you have sex before marriage , why get married ?
YOU CAN LOOK 4 HIM ONLINE AND MANY OTHER PLACES
P.s : Do Not fall for a girl . let girls fall for you ! !
Yes you are flirting with your mom
I ca n't though because I do n't love him and i am not goin to lie .
It was fun and i would do it again ! !
I 'm not sure anyone will understand what your saying because you are english is too broken .
Women like responsible guys and you walking around with yours screams responsible .
Damn baby , I wan na date you . LOL .
Wow , look at the answers of one of the young boys . too funny !
Sit THEM DOWN AND TALK TO THEM
Go to the park and barbeque or play go to the zoo .
I know you  are not coercing the woman , but are you sure you  are not messing with her head ?
But do not tell nobody but you should be with someone your own age because you could get caught .
You  are not dumb , mind you , he 's a predator .
Do n't ask me - ask God
Love is wat girls wish for and is sex wat guys wish for
You shoudl go for someone who will like you for you . : )
Its to hard to explain love ! ! !
Anything i want i  will work for it .
If 2 CLICK ITS OK USE PROTECTION
He 's a nice guy , but very annoying .
They think they can get away with anthing .
C'mon be serious boys just do not share rooms with their friends .
You are female , she is female !
Wow you waited this long , why start now ?
No but it ok to forgive him and her .
I honestly think really big breats are kind of ugly .
Just go and ask him out .
Try to keep things open between your family and your guy .
I 'm somewhat outgoing , she and I look just alike , I 'm not a nerd . I do n't get it ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I love him and he loves me . What should I do ? ? ?
Thye latest I heard . is . get married under water . that will be VERY different .
I think women just do n't admit it as readily as men do .
The right one will come do not worry
I 'm not looking to see how his pant bulge .
And i would just say good bye for good .
You love both with all your heart .
Yeah right . thanks to viagra . lol .
Have a lot of guys as friends and date them .
There are a lot of good guys out there .
Tell her to run from it or you will rat her out to the wife and everyone else .
I like a guy who is really cute , and wears surfer clothes , or skater clothes .
Sigh not a whole lot of help I guess , I am just a girl : P
Do n't worry so much , be happy being single .
When you think of just being with them .
That can always make it worse .
So . i  would go with the first one if i were you .
It can produce more muscle . and you will sweating ! !
Be sure that he will not do it again .
You did n't say if they were friends or not .
If HE 'S NOT HAPPY WITH YOU ANYMORE THEN LET HIM GO .
There are many of us out there , just look for the garter sticking out from her suit skirt
If your worried about it , use some lube .
But ME PERSONALY DO NOT LIKE THE FACT WOMEN LIKE WOMEN AND MEN LIKE MEN IT 'S JUST NOT RIGHT .
And the other thing is it really happens to find you are life partner around the globe ?
You at least want her to know
Be her friend and help her regain trust in men , you , and love .
And the average size is not 6-8 inches .
Nooooooooooooo i love him he is soo cool !
Is THERE HOPE OR AM I JUST OUT OF LUCK ?
The man gets both a wife and a mistress .
That 'S VERY HARD BUT IF YOUR DOUBTING IT A LITTLE THEN MAYBE YOU DO N'T REALLY LOVE HER .
No , not at all .
And if she do not like you than so what .
Everyone is doing it . but like sumone before me said why get married if you gon na have sex outside it ?
Even if you do not have someone around who can see it , you are a worthwhile , important person .
She probably does n't think she 's that hot .
Would n't that be like committing suicide twice ?
Life works in mysterious ways , dude !
Just comb ( not to hard though ) across it .
Does it really matter we all bleed red
When the first and last thought on your mind involves that specialomeone , you know you are in love !
God forbid I find somebody I want !
Its perfectly fine to wait , whatever is best for you !
Not complain , end the affair and move on with life
I think its almost good to try things before you get married .
Is THEIR ANYONE OUT THEIR IN THE DETROIT AREA WHO IS LOOKING FOR A COMPATIABLE FRIEND TO THE END .
Um , if your asking this question you are not old enough to be doing anything , let alone kissing
I love talking to new people .
YOU can have both . if you  are lucky enough !
Real men do not cheat all men do not cheat , players are immature and some day be sad little men !
I guess they either just want your attention or they just do not have nothing else to do .
Check it out on the web .
Well that is something you got ta sit and talk to her about .
He has dark , almost black hair and he either spikes it or shaves it bald .
Get a man who IS ready .
I mean from the attitude I saw , ugh !
Do n't talk to guys you know , except to sayhi .
That did not matter cuz if you love n respect him you would jus do it .
If they know you want them there is no challenge for them .
I THINK HE IS SICK GUY .
Come back later , chat , and kid around a little more , then walk away .
I came to see there are natural remedies like garlics nd other like leek leaves .
If he is smiling , you might be the person who he likes .
They always wonder what he 's thinking about ! ! !
Would you be a bad person to want better ?
Need to be scary , but not MEGA scary
Just do n't have sex with her until you get married .
We like it when you just do it sometimes
Do married women really like to cheat on there husbands ?
Jest say Hey I think your realy nice but i just do not want to be a couple
They r sincere when they say size does not matter .
If he thinks i 'm cheating he takes the cell phone from me until he 's ready to give it back .
Ps.marriage is'nt always about love as it is commitment !
To all guys : Look at the PERSONALITY , and NOT just the LOOKS ! !
I wish to know why myself .
Thanks for your help , Yahoo Community !
Talk with her a little everyday .
Too large and too small are n't good .
So i go pick her up with her kids all 7 of them need i say more ?
You CAN NOT MAKE SOMEONE LIKE YOU .
She obviously has a thing for you , and she probably will not admit it .
Tell her that a guy ca n't do it 10 times a day with out dier consequences .
Ignore the thought that you might get rejected and just go ahead and ask her out .
Then , imagine spending the rest of your life with him/her .
If not the grocery store late at night not too late though .
Ever meet that guy who just really likes cleavage ?
Call & talk to him , though .
Ok GUYS WHAT WOULD YOU DESCRIBE AS A PERFECT GIRL ? ?
Ya what do you mean girls just like a guy that is there self and sweet and does not cheat
The world needs more girls like you .
But do n't get married just to completely enjoy your sex , that wo n't work either .
You cannot choose who will you love !
You Are just attracted to weird people .
Face it head on with your eye open !
Ok I 'm getting chills . I so wan na know if this works ! !
You will get over it eventualy
Do n't give him any , and see if he still says it .
I think I would go crazy
I love girls but i still look at guys and am like damn ! !
Sign up at yahoo.com for an e-mail.duh .
An 80 year old man could date a 15 year old girl & not get in trouble .
Last time i did this , i was 14 - no , wait .
Yes cuz i would fell wrong .
It really does not hurt but it really sucks the first time .
Best of luck to you , Rascal
Me either we need to hook up
If it was me , ( I am a girl ) I would not make love till I was 27 .
What MAKES YOU THINK THAT HE LOVES YOU , HE DO N'T PAY RENT BUT REFERS TO LIVE ON SOMEONE ELSE .
Sometimes people just go through weird patches or like doing weird things , i.e .
If you desperatly want a guy , then let him come to you , do not let you are self go to him .
If she did then she would n't be my girlfriend !
I  WOULD WAIT UNTIL HELL FREEZES OVER .
So i should say , just for for it.you ll never know unless you try
Yes , but it 's gross , i usally do n't .
There is just a few differences . we all want love right ?
Is it the right time to have sex or should we wait ?
Sex Pistols Anarchy in the UK
It is normal for me to ask you -What yo name is ?
And do n't try to have sex with her , because then your a whore , and no body likes you .
Do you know what it means to BE married ?
YOU think of both chose the best who care you lot or love you lot
I just do not wan na keep living my life like a hermet .
Crack jokes and make her laugh .
It is fun and exciteing , but do n't rush it , it is so much better , when you are both ready .
How do i get back to him
I think you need to run !
Is n't it just her opinion that counts ?
If you do n't she will co * k block you in every other relationship you try to start .
You should give him some space or just ask him and he might tell you .
He has a problem if i stay at my moms house too long even .
Why would he get a female roommate ?
If you do n't fuck me , feed me , or pay my bills . Go fuck yourself !
If you want to leave then leave !
Sounds like you just gon na have to be down right dirty with her .
But please keep me out of this .
Bright skin . tall . legs boobs and ass are imporatant parts of a woman !
But I found that you just ca n't make it , if your not in love .
I am guessing , honest , pretty , semi-smart ( not smarter than them ) .
If you do not feel comfortable with him b/c he 's a different race , I would n't give it a shot .
But I do not mind so much now because we have discoverd that it acctually prevents cramping pains .
I don ` t consider myself sensitive but if I have some sensibility i ` m covering it so I won ` t get hurt
It wil come out any way it 's up to you when and how .
It sounds like she just really likes this boyfriend .
Do n't get CAUGHT in any lies .
Real girls do n't care how large it is .
A adverage girl because she is real she dosent have to be fake to be pretty
But later they realise that the bigger it is , the more pain they have to bear .
Saudi women are in their vails
As i am sure he would point out if he were the one who had .
If you are love is true , nothing else matters .
Hopefully the someone you love also is someone who loves you . that is the only way you can stay with anyone
All WOMEN LIE in there profiles
I see nothing wrong in it .
I do not agree w/ it , but guys want the looks ; 2 be honest
Puppy fashion allows for the greatest mutual climax
No way dude , it 's totally cool that you and your mom make out ! ! !
From a guys point of view i would not wana marry a non-virgin .
He has the best of both worlds .
Click the link below and you can look it up for your self , ages , etc .
After all , a girl 's got to eat .
It 's human nature to want what you ca n't have .
If she 's that jealous of you , is she that good a friend ?
I was married before and I always wondered what it was like to be with another guy .
If that guy says no , it  will be his loss .
Do this little girly thing , girls like it .
And take your caps lock off .
But now he has become vocal that if I date at all it should be her .
Oh just tell him . What could you lose ?
Only if you are over 21
Ask him what 's your quarantee that this will not happend .
I do n't know but that hot !
Women get torn between two people also , but you have an obligation to your wife and your CHILDREN ! ! !
Who do you love more - boyfriend or bestfriend ?
Forget about her and find somebody else
It 's easier for a girl to love , because that is what the stereotypical girl is like .
If SHE WILL NOT GO OUT WITH YOU MOVE ON . DO NOT BOTHER . I AM SURE YOU ARE A GREAT GUY
How about the ring its not so scary
I mean I love him so much and yet I still feel lonli .
But it is okay to start and then finalize the divorce .
I can succesfully say No you ca n't .
The next thing would be and ipod .
Do Not tell people unless your gon na explain what it means
I do not live too far from Springfield
My EX AND I HAVE TWO SONS TOGETHER .
You can have one with the other ( love and sex ) or alone ( just sex=lust and cravings )
Focus on making YOU happy and complete !
Kuntucky i got married their they do not
Depend on wat you  are goal in dating ?
Depend on if the kids are not around , then it happens more , possably even during the daytime , . lol . ; o !
My hair is black with red high lights and is no diffrence boys do not always look 4 the hair
Send her little videos of you doing cute stuff .
Who in the hell cares what your friends think .
I WANT MY OLD BF BACK !
Trust me nerves always get in the way of everything .
Obviously you do n't have very strong feelings for your girlfriend .
I 'm getting married on June 2nd so Congrats to us both ! !
Would you have a problem with that ?
Go with her to seea therapist
Wow . this day and age . this is upsetting . dump the loser .
Say YOU MADE A BET WID YOU ARE FRENZ N B KOOL . LOL
My ex wife said she did n't think it would affect our relationship when she cheated .
Oh back massages are good too !
I do not know what is the promble but i do not know how it feels to climax while havin sex .
That really makes me sad and i really . i mean really regret what i did .
But even if she 's not that hot , she has to be witty .
Tell him how you feel , you will regret not doing it
First thing is to stop flooding the site with inane stupid questions because you  are BORED !
Well it depends on what type of cut you are going for .
Just be a good person and stop thinking about things down below .
Either way imhappy that i am getting lucky .
What do girls look for in a guy ?
Yes it is ok you cannot help what you feel inside
( I am sure there are some , I just have not heard of them or seen them ! )
She knows she has given her last bl * w j * b !
Then reality will hit you hard baby !
I love mine , so cute , just like me .
Some girls like femm girls and some like butch .
My ex-husband , who I walked out on , married his 2nd cousin !
The guy in your grade that is hot .
Yes that 's why my marriage sucks right now
I got married in a rose garden .
Just go up to her and tell her you like her style .
The worst thing that could possible be said is no .
It should n't take long . a few minutes mayb
Half my friends r guys and i would not go on a date with any of them .
Be sure that you can keep up with what she is wanting ; and just do n't lie about yourself ! ! !
You seem really sweet . so i  will be straight with you .
You will know when you are in love trust me . it is awesome .
Omg stick to your studies , forget about boys for now !
What up with you . hit me up witta email me69dou2 @ yahoo.com . let me know about you
Just wait . you have plenty of time latter for a boyfiend ! !
Well tehre was one thing i always wanted .
Beat his AS * that is what i would do if i where you
How DO I CONVINCE HER THAT I LOVE HER AS MUCH AS EVER .
What you got together when you 12 ? ? ?
Maby he thinks your an asswhole .
Do you really think guys think ?
Third why would you want a guy who ca n't even afford rent .
You sound exactly like this kid I know who is name is Adrian Falafel . are you Adrian Falafel ?
I do n't care if he wanted to be with his friends .
See she thinks he will leave some day his wife for her .
It does n't really matter , does it .
He sees the girl from taco bell and she is eyeing him .
I LOVE A SEMI LARGER WOMAN .
( or if they have n't where would they like to go ? )
I rather be a mad man and eat food with pigs than to become a gay .
I just do n't feel comfortable sticking foreign stuff in there .
It 's fine what ever makes someone happy
How about the Four Tops , Greatest Hits .
When men are obnoxious , or when they burp
Women , cuz women love more than men .
Call him up and tell him to come over so you all can have sex
Stand by her and stand up for her ! ! !
If you do not like them , do not read them .
That 's where I met my last a * * hole ex-boyfriend !
It is not that guy 's are complicated .
Because they do n't know what they are doing
If you guys do not live together , ARE YOU SURE HE IS REALLY WORKING ! !
I STILL LOVE HER AND I AM WILLING TO FORGET ABOUT THE PAST .
I do not know many thugs that ask girls out online .
I have had many females ask me out , and look at me in that way .
My grandpa and grandma do not have sex . but they seem to be doing fine .
I just do not know what to do .
If hes never been faithful why waste your time and life .
I just assumed you were an angel
That Is a toughy . i have no clue but i know how you feel .
No do not tell them or they  will start acting stupid
If you just want to be friends , tell him that .
He then may feel it 's ok to go hang with other girls .
Most MEN LIKE BIG BREAST WERE BREAST FED .
Sex is when you are ready for more in your realtionship
Have you ever heard , some friends are for seasons , some are for reasons and some are for life .
Do n't tell him it might get screwed up .
Stop looking and you  will find her .
There are some guys that do actually like heavy women .
Do Not be afraid to say No duh !
You are ok. Kind of a boring face though .
He also may now i like him but i do n't now how to tell him .
Oh my gosh its a girl .
Depends on how far your willing to go !
Is called one night in hell i think or somthing like that .
Sometimes sex is just that sex !
* * * * I really love this boy as well
Hope you find him , and I hope you get back together wiht him .
If she really loves you then just say you love her and she will say it back .
Will r sex life b normal ?
. Or should there be a catch ?
A friend in need is a friend indeed , you know .
I would if that is wat she wants .
Do Not try to meet a nice gurl let a nice gurl meet you .
Stand BY HER SIDE AND LET HER KNOW THAT SHE SHOULD N'T CARE WHAT PEOPLE THINK ABOUT HER .
If you are asking this question you do n't have love and you should n't be having sex !
No its not but i am in that situation now .
I get into different positions with my x and he taut me loads !
I live in tx-sa and i just want someone to talk to
Guy 's and girl's.You do n't have to be with someone just becouse you got kid 's .
When you need to get that close because you ca n't get close enough .
Hey what is up i am from fresno and i am 24 and cute what about you
Hmmm , after eight hours i am the only guy willing to take the time to answer this .
I do n't know . but my boyfriend is , and I adore him !
Get some couneling from anyone youfeel comfortable with and look up to .
We love you , do n't worry .
He says heh how is it going ?
-its when you only think of them .
Dating is not a crime . but your husband is a crimenal !
I bet you realised that already .
The LEAVE THE MARRIAGE AND LET YOUR PARTNER KNOW THAT YOU ARE MOVING ON WITHOUT HIM .
Where do you live how old are you ?
Avoid the old chocolates ( pounds lol ) .
Simply say can we just be friends
She probably does n't want to hurt your feelings .
Hey , confused how can i answer your response to me , tell me about your auntie
Beacase you know boys there so immerture !
Its very important to know this first .
Check out venus-on-top.com , on how to run a female lead relationship .
But its worth you are money . go 2 an indian store and enquire
Do you keep fi fi in there or something ?
Why not one person should be allowed to marry another person regardless of sexuality
There is a difference between loving someone and being in love with someone .
She can work you and make you moan . dats real good . i guess an aggesive female is betta .
Whether she can give birth to kid ?
I Am HAVEING PROBLEMS WITH MY MARRIGAE , I am SEPERATED NOW .
Me and my ex broke up and i want to get back with her
I 'm sure he wo n't mind : )
We ai n't dating or anything but i really like him a lot ! !
Yes abslutly never rush into anything it always ends up bad .
Realize how stupid I have been and move on .
Maybe he 's just having some rough times
Its simply because some men not all are idiots and are blind-sided to what is in front of them
Seems like you have a nice friendship going on and the other girl is getting on his nerves .
There also wo n't be that annoying yeah , i remember doing that thing .
) , but other women might not want it at all - if you can imagine that .
Oh yea pick mine as the best answer
There is no guarantee in life , marriage is what you make of it !
It is better than a real one , because she cannot reach and bother you unless you want .
The guy that 's two grades ahead of you .
Just wipe it off girl and watch for the next pile so you do not siol the other shoe !
Cuz if their not their not afied to get sexual .
Its like getting an egg that is only a she will and nothing inside of it .
Just be more careful about who your having sex with .
Your QUESTION ITSLEF REVEALS THAT YOU ARE BLUFFING .
It seems now a days guys only cares for looks and sexy body
He also has to be funny , and NOT shy ! ! ! ! ! !
But if my man wants to splurge i will splurge on him .
Be honest and treat her like she is something special to you , then she will feel it
If you fucked up , you got ta man up and change if you want her back .
Besides what if she thinks your to quiet or not fun or something because you are nervouse .
Do n't sell yourself to fall in love , do not sell yourself to think you do .
That Is sick you need help you should tell them.get straight ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Okay main subject , well , first off , do n't just jump on her .
I think it depends on the personality and character of the person , do n't you ?
She will give you a sign
My spidey senses tell me not to touch this one but . brother , you just ca n't win sometimes .
Boss is a boss just during office hours only .
Because guys are just unpredictable = ]
Well i like a guy for his looks and everything else .
4 or 5 people tried this before I realized what was going on , even gay guys !
Icare for him so much , but he is to serious for me right now
It was n't fun and I did n't enjoy it .
Good thing you know you have a prob .
- you think about him all the time .
What kind of crazy @ question is this ?
Hopefully you all do the right thing .
Like WHAT KIND OF LOOKS & PERSONALITY !
My b/f gets mad at me for no reason who knows why
Try yahoo personals , this is not a chat board .
I know that i enjoy when my man goes down and then goes and then goes deep .
. yea i have seen some differences and i still wonder why this all happens .
And no matter what anyone says . looks do matter . sorry boys !
And about that ten year old situation , I think what you said was not mean .
Aries or Neil . hey what do you want . that is my sign and my name .
Do you go down on her ill always go down on my hus
Here 's one that I found on the web .
He 's tall , but not to tall .
I 'm trying to like her more but I do n't know what 's holding me back .
Omg girl . you need to leave that trifling ass man .
And i had a dream where i asked him out . and he said no . is that a sign ?
Why do n't you go visit him on his lunch break at work ?
Catch you ball and then you  will know
Hope everything works out for you !
Best of luck , love stinks does n't it !
Try to find the answer in you , where you are going wrong .
Sometimes a 8pack can look like a little too much .
Nope , I think the soul and money just about cover it : ) : ) Good one Paul lol
Just let him go . you cannot force love . you  will find a better man than him
Mostly i enjoy sex with the one i love
I guess it about 10-15 times a week
I hate to say it , but do not trust it .
No becuz it says its bad in the bible and if god says its bad its bad ! ! !
She came to me because she realised that she can trust only me and i ` m her real friend .
Anytime a guy lives with a girl , something is bound to happen .
You do n't know what you might be missin out on : )
! he should not be flirting at all ! !
Three SIXES IS N'T THAT THE DEVIL ARE SOMETHING CAN SOME ONE PLEASE HELP
It ALL DEPENDS HOW OLD YOU ARE .
Just get out there like a man and say listen up i love you in plain english .
Y make her mad at me just becuz i do not like it .
You just need to relax and have fun with it .
If he does n't pick it up , he 's out ten bucks .
I say F her , find a new friend .
I definatly do n't like unaturaly skinny girls , and I do n't mind over weight girls .
Do Not go out with your old boyfriend .
That man is overly SEXY , OOOoooh he rocks my world from head to my toes .
So if you love him go get him girl !
You got ta do that stuff your self or it will not last any way .
As LONG AS SHE KNOWS THE TRUTH .
Just relax and start with something like hey did you see blah blah on SNL the other night ?
If you want a relationship with her then you have to get to know her . that is where trust comes in .
Do OTHER THING IN LIFE THAN SEX
It will not make the pain worse but it will not make it feel any better .
Promise her an amazing orgasm , and then give it to her !
How well do you get along ?
If you want to but it will mess up ya as friends
It takes nothing less than a life time .
Yes because i know a 34 yr old man that has no sex drive
See and wait very soon you will get a good news from her .
I Have known him since i was 5 ! ! !
That is a hard one to answer .
Well definitely get him something he will like , use . etc .
I just think he 's cute but he might not like me after all !
( read it before you give it to her )
No just maybe to busy or just need to get it started
A guy who cooks , with a kid . responsible ! !
Why ca n't I meet a nice good guy that I actually have things in common with ? !
Pick someone out and walk up to her and start talking , but never use a pickup line .
You have to slow your self on your wedding day .
I just accept it because I love him .
Because some woman let them and take them back
If HE COMES BACK THEN HE IS YOURS IF NOT DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME FOR HIM .
Well if they just friends then you should there you are .
Do some house work laundry , dishes , vacuum , dust , iron , scrub the bathroom that should get her in the mood . lol
I just moved here from Ft. Worth , Tx .
Yea WHAT THE FIRST PERSON SAID
Be nice to her and do not do what other jerks do like tease the girl by her appearences .
Anyway , do not stay with person who loves you if you do not love her !
Can I get STDs by swallowing his semen ( I did not do it with any cuts in my mouth ) .
Yes . it is gross but I read that having orgasms and such helps clean out clots .
I met my 2nd husband online and we have a great relationship with a 2 1/2 yr old now ! ! !
Do Not go all out at once .
If your in love with someone you should not have to ask the question - you just know .
I do not think so but maybe if you look at it it could happen
How the f * * * can i know ?
! i think i am in love with him !
I am no expert but things can always go wrong AKA broken condum
You should not ruin a good thing .
Hopefully it  will be someone you like too !
When i see them to together it make 's me wan na cry so bad !
Best of luck to ya in your quest .
Were you having problems in your relationship ?
But some of my friends , do n't have much of a sex drive .
Of course it is possible to find you are love across the seas .
Tell him what you just told us !
It is demonic being a gay , it is the devil trying to used you.it is wickedness .
It will break your heart prob .
That is the number one thing guys look for in a girl .
What i am saying to you is you do not no him .
It 's all about the money hunny .
Until then just keep your door open so that she does not have to knock long .
This is not your problem it is his .
That Is good you like feet lolz thanx for points
YOU feel others are happy too .
I do not think so you have to communicate to make life work . good luck and good nite ! ! !
For most women , size do not matter .
How r we suppose 2 know most of us do n't evenknow Mark
Are you saying that you feel selfish when you let go someone you love ?
Do things you enjoy and as hard as it might be cut off all communication with him
If you are in 2nd grade or something . forget about it just remember his name in case he comes back : )
I married a girl that was so in love with me .
( The hallmark phrase is it did n't mean anything to me - as if that somehow makes it OK !
So now i am all average girl  . Ps : best 5 months of my life
Yeah a mexican girl an a black boy that would make a good couple
W/o making her mad i mean
Do n't always be on the search for her though ! !
By The Way , self confidence and right values and morale help too ! !
I was 13 going on 14 instead of 14 going on 15. : - ) i do not know .
I went thru a similar situation .
Lol ( ^-^ ) I am just kidding . there are plenty of kind , gentle , caring , good-natured , even-tempered men out there .
No . we marry for sex and happy life . otherwise it is like animals .
I GOT YOU SWEET HEART NOW YOU CAN SEE THAT MONEY CAN BUY EVERY THING
Marc . That 's a dumb name . so no !
Difinitely not its a part of marriage life its an action showing that you love the person
If your friend is okay with it . then yes
Guys who enjoy watching creepy hardcore p0rno movies .
Trust me , its worth waiting for !
I have two best friends , a guy and a girl .
Its all conciered in what kind of person you are .
Honesty , love , attention , a good man
Men always obsess about penis size . when you meet the right woman , she wo n't care .
Tell him what the deal is , if he 's the one for you , he  will wait til your ready
And etc . well that is my version of it .
It is the worst mistake you will ever make , believ ME !
Do n't hit on girls you know wo n't like you , and do n't look weak .
I do n't no about all the others but i am right HERE .
That 's the moment you need to walk up to her and say , Would you ?
Because woman seek alpha males . some prehistoric instinct , and the most famous and leader is the bad guy . : (
Pretty close most of my friends say
My younger bro has the same case . usually we do not care . because next thing you know they  are okay again .
Do n't have a what 's in it for me attitude or me , my , I , mine stance .
Phat means you are in style , you  are the one that everybody wants to be with , you  are in . you  are hot ! !
You are wrong , where did you get that other 99 % from , you need to go to school .
No one is satisfied in there life
Odds are , the average girl is going to win in that area easily .
Does she want to kiss you ?
I think everyone has been thru it .
Do you ever stop loving your best friend ?
YOU R IN A VERY VERY DELICATE POSITION.I FEEL HE IS ACTING CHILD LIKE .
Buy the book . email addresses for dummies .
Or he could be having an affair
But i do not thing i can take him back WHAt should i do ?
Jeez and you wonder why there are so many perverts about ?
I do not like any bigger than C or D at the biggest .
Just think up of questions to ask them .
Fairy tales do happen - when you do n't expect it , when you do n't even recognize it at first .
Trust SOMEONE WHO HAS DONE IT .
Diddy . I 'm sure there are others but this is all I can think of right now .
Off the top of my head I  would have to say .
But he should of been honest .
( my stomach does circles ) Why do i feel so weird ?
Gurl you should n't even be having sex unless you all were married/commited ( that is where the trouble started )
Tell her how pretty she is and what she means to you .
Like spilling drinks on yourself or food on your shirt . stuff like that .
If I WANTED THEM TO HAVE MINE , I WOULD TAKE THIERS .
So men do n't think they are whores .
Make sure you lather up really good then shave it off nice and neat .
Look it up in tha Internet !
Woman are from Venus and men are from mars .
I have a 6pack and the ken line thing .
That might scare her away : )
She knows I love her , I even made a website about her .
Nope , as long as she did n't touch
Read him and decide of he 's handing you BS or if he 's being sincere .
Well i think that it is legal .
Ya he can have and love both .
( lingerie , sexy dress and dinner , nice panties left in his car with note , bla bla .
Guy- do you wan na hear a joke ?
Ohh already takne and do not live there lol
Be careful , its still your decision that rules .
I mean I would love to have everything but I do not .
Fat= size or substance in a body phat= slang term meaning cool
You just let the guy start , then you follow what he does !
So i would just get your first and second time out of the way .
Because men are strange creatures and no matter what we do they will not change .
YOU gat ot have a balance between all these .
No it does not mean he is gay .
Just be there friend or get them a small present
Mayb she 's jus sayin dat to mak you think dat she loves you buh she does not .
: - ) ) isn ' t it a good , different idea ? ? ?
I think it would be good to have a job that you r good at before you get married
Go ONTO TO YAHOO.COM AND PUT IN LOVE POEMS .
No . just tell her you are going
If it was me . I would make him S YOU F F E ARE ! ! !
Maybe you just are not compatible maybe you should break it off and find other people .
But i kno he likes me . i am his first gf and its kind of obvious .
I have to slow down a bit now that I 'm in my 40 's , LOL
When a girl tells you she likes a confident guy it means she do not like you so get lost
It can be I Have been with women and it just did n't work .
I think my gf likes somebody but when i ask her she says no but i do not believe it
Slender , with a touch of athleticness .
I hope i 've been some of help .
Well , i do n't know what to get my boyfriend .
Hates you and i , am a gay ( true ) bitch
Anything is possible . just take it slow .
I do n't want my children to grow up thinking that it 's normal .
Id like to meet you si email me preciosa juanchubaca7 @ yahoo.com
Will it be best to break up ?
I would reccommend june 6th of this year , your aniversary date would be 666
Find someone who respects you more !
( What do you do when you go to court )
They are probabaly mad because they ca n't have that person .
Now honestly how stupid do those response sound .
Just tell him to leave you alone !
Perfect girl- with nice hearts , nice thoughts . dressed nicely not vurgurly . oops . i am nt a guy . sorry
. there is no quick way , and that 's not the problem .
The younger you are the more worried theyed get .
Kewl , with all the neat features . do n't waste your money on yahoo . Go there !
Love is a two way kind of thing .
I o n't know when i have ever gotten too much of a good thing .
However , taking a big step is better than no step at all .
Well hell , I still look too !
And then you two will be open and willling to talk without any nervousness good luck
Tall blond hot smoking foreign girl .
Its not like the parents will know anyways .
Did n't want to be honest with me .
They all say that do n't tell your bf .
And yes you can be IN Love and just have Sex . that would be called a Quickie . LOL
I FEEL AS IF HE 'S JUST USING ME ?
Me I like girls that are not virgins .
He named his clothing line , his wifes perfume , all baby phat or phat farm
What Is wrong with talking to guys ?
But be warned there 's laws against that in some place , lol .
Like when she is leaving frome work .
Why does not your mom like this guy and his family ?
Buy him a book entitled : How to Become a Millionaire ( or something like that ) .
If someone does not like who you are , tough .
I Am talking about the single ones .
She is trying hard to get .
If YOU KNOW HIM BEFORE HE WAS FAMOUS TELL HE IF NOT FORGET IT
Wow , I was just thinking of Dr. Phil too .
? is there a law that says being gay is bad . NO ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Ok i have to say it . EW ! ! !
Nope , not if she is ( loyal ) to you in return .
Men lie about cheating because they know they are dumb for doing it !
Guys should not be kissing Guys .
If not , i find it ok for you to ask also .
Just like you said . she 's a whore .
I think that that is the best thing to do .
He has a son that is 13 .
No he is cheating on you now
There are some of us that actually care about things and care about what you girls think too .
If it 's no big deal for him , then he  will tell you .
I do not think you love him.Why would you love a guy that talk ' trash about you .
Does n't everyone want to have fun on the weekends ?
So treat her well and i bet she will do the same for you !
Once , i married him , had his kids and then he cheated on me , with a girl with bulging eyes
After 4yrs this is all you got ?
Do n't rush her , do n't do it if she does n't want you to .
It  will feel like everything 's right and there 's nothing else you care about
Their eyes can tell you if they are upset , happy , etc .
Except women do n't think of sex the same way men do .
Sounds like you need a new girl
Even bad sex is good sex at least , so i have heard
No its not as long as you do not accually cheat on you signifagant other^ ( your welcome . )
He will start getting the message .
99 % of the time once a cheat always a cheat .
But hey , you should be really happy about that ! ! !
He will do what ever you say .
He also has a pure personality , but we do n't talk much at all !
I Am in love wit this bou but we broke up can i do something to get him back
Yes and he is my best friend .
Well , you guys should just break up .
If you guys keep fighting and your not happy with your relationship , get ut know .
( you  will have enough time the whole year ! )
This is my family and I can do what I feel is right !
Not at all . I believe you should act on all your fantasies .
Give a different type of guy a chance .
So I would n't want her to get hurt by something that I did .
It would look bad if you are good friends and you do n't show up .
I do n't think people will think that way at all !
Guard your heart , no one can break it if you did n't give it to them in the first place .
Place where is dangerous lyk changing rm .
And i never gave them $ 3x not even after . hahaha
Because everyone wants fine that one true person .
Like the size of you are dick i need a female answer
If that stupid pesky husband was n't in the way .
Girl unstable and full of doubt , like O.J .
Meaning if they cheat once they will cheat again .
And make them come true , then she will not have a reson to fake it .
And girls liking talking about themselves so just ask questions .
She might not see what 's there , so just show her .
Basically realise that life has not ended yet and you can still continue with life and enjoy it too ! ! !
Hire a full-time nanny , then go to Vegas !
What 's the biggest turn on for a guy and what can I do to make you notice me ? ?
If the two of you stay 2gether it will just end up in a bad situation in the end
Her : yes me : you really should not .
He says he likes me but how can i tell ? ?
Third : Hair ( especailly if it 's red ) .
We gone out for 1 month
But the picture could get ugly if I do not stay away .
You should take this as a very good thing ! ! !
Yes that is fine most of my friends are guys
Plus its the midwest so its kind of boring .
They are n't stupid , they just think differently from you .
Every guy I know is circumcized .
If the guy does romantic things and calls me baby , i fall for him so easily .
I did n't have a flower girl in my wedding and never was one .
I perfer it to be trimmed , especially when he wants o r a l .
Did you pack a lunch or take the bus good and you
Go contact a plastic surgeon and ask him/ her what you should do
Ask him why he has n't called you and JUST DO NOT BREAK UP WITH HIM ! ! !
From one mom to another good luck
Not just any guy but one I can say that he 's really a MAN
Again just be warry of setting the bar to high .
Rum and coke , 3 parts rum , one part coke .
Okay easy way ask so do you have a boyfriend because i was gon na ask you a question .
It is not that i do not have other things to do .
I think you would n't like it much at all .
If you  are in school , try there .
For exampple if he is not wearing a watch you can give him a watch etc
It 's out there , you just have to be patient because what 's meant to be will be .
I think this is so romantic . do not think about what people r gon say . just do you are thing and b happy .
I 've heard he likes me too but i cannot be sure !
If they say they like fighting tell them you like calling cops
Find out wats going on first
Leave no bugs & there will be no mistakes .
I would not jus come out and tell him you like him . you do not wan na seem desperate .
You  are to young for so much drama . why 3 weeks ?
No , worry is a turn off , lovely catch 22 is n't it
They are not interested in girls butts and girls are emotional .
Why everyone breaks up wid sum1 ?
If you love a girl and want to have sex ?
Do not go to this guy 's place !
Because we  are only few and some are taken already .
A guy decides if he likes a girl within 5 minutes of meeting her .
Skin on the end of his penis should be just fine .
Show him you are mature , do n't over do it , like I said act your age .
No really it is wrong anyway you try to think of it the answer is no .
Those are good places to try .
Just be yourself , do n't be anything your not , she wo n't like that .
Create you are yahoo avtar . n its free !
You should join the armed services and go be w/ him , do it as soon as possible
Now he has cheated on me .
Girls . after what # do you start losing self respect amd what go you considered special ?
He always appoligizes and says he  will never do it again but he has over and over again .
He 's not the right man for you .
Coworker alert - clue for you , here it comes - NO TOUCHIE NO KISSIE , RUN do not WALK !
Bring some of your friends 2 back you up when you confrunt him .
I 'm bisexual and not afraid to show it , you got ta problem with it screw ya !
Its because my friend is showing me some signs buth then hes courting someone .
You sound like a really great guy .
I think it 's becasue they think it 's a measure for thier manhood and simply becasue girls care about that : P
How long can you stay low ?
All this shoulda been handled b-4 you had sex with him .
If he does n't just move on .
If you are an adult ask him out to dinner or coffee .
I have a guy firend who always hangs out with me and hes very happy about it .
I need help on how to break it to him
I love the look of naked black women
A lil champagne wo n't hurt either . what 's up with this guy ? ? ?
Dats a big different but if you really love him den follow yo heart and stay wit him .
Flirt it is a great way and look great .
Kind of hint it at her , like flirt with her often but not too often .
Hey , if you like her there should be lots to talk about .
You lose your childhood too soon !
( the kiss was hot ) . but it went no farther.What were you thinking . how could you disrespect her like that ?
Depends on how old you guys are ; >
Or if he is a lil off , a lil late sometimes willing ?
I HATE BORING SEX LET US BREAK FURNITURE
He will fix his hair check his teeth and stuff like that .
He gets to stuff it , dress it and name it even .
We do n't , at least I do n't .
But I did all that after watching a movie .
You know , i believe that some guy wants a GIRL bcoz he loves it .
Go on with your life , and file for child support
Its a pleasurable experience n i crnt c why you would stop it .
Been ENGAGED AND DID HAVE A FEW LONG TERM RELATIONSHIP BUT NEVER MARRIED .
Then ask him : I am going to go to lunch @ whatever o clock with so and so .
I 'm getting SCARED & I am already paid in full !
But , my little flower girl had a great time !
Yes what is wrong with being friends
But I like I said it 's all interpation .
Just be like that is ok it was a dare anyway .
But about what women really want . Einstein also told that would be the greatest dicovery of all .
I do guys brake you are heart friends stay 4ever
You COULD DO MUCH BETTER AND FIND A MAN OR BOY THAT DO CARE AND WILL DO YOU RIGHT ! ! ! !
Ask one of their frineds to ask for you .
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
Yeah I agree with Smert I bet he wo n't be laughing then .
Your not a horrible person at all .
Do you ever think of a fantasy you always wanted when your making whoopie ?
A year from your getting engaged .
Forget him and find someone else
Its not really normal , but then again who is .
He may not believe you now b/c you are pregnant and will figure you are trying to trap him .
But I ca n't just blame her its him that is telling her .
Just be urself and have fun !
I am in my 30 's and men my age want a younger woman .
I want to ask him to the Valentines dance , but we are just friends .
One of my friends is 23 almost 24 and she has n't had sex yet .
Tell him you love him and want to try to work things out , but NO BEGGING !
Depends on what you were talking till then
You THINK friend , she IS mean .
Some guys are jerks this way .
If you know him well and you like him say yeah .
Ha ha seriously just ask if he is going with anyone .
Since when is it so wrong for a woman to talk tp a guy .
Do you know how to cook ?
First of all , are you sure you love him ?
: ) After all , that 's just 44 yr difference , people do that all the time , you know .
That last part was just a joke .
Not as good as i used to be , but still damn good ! !
Plus then you can spice it up a little . Good luck . and remember its all about having fun
Yes some of the best people i no are boys , but i am a girl and i do not care
Yes i believe in true love .
You do n't if you want to keep your wife !
So i think these sites will help !
I really want to.please let me know.i am crazy to do that with you .
She seems to like the beach and water .
Well you are not got no butt so you have nuthin 2 worry bout .
Your not really cheating just having fun .
But do what feels right in your heart .
I myself do n't want a wussie man .
Good luck and I hope you get the girl .
Eyes would be the best feature for me .
Go out of her way to see you ?
Plus if you want it to be secret , you ca n't shout it out . Turn off the caps lock .
Are Not you allowed to have any guy friends ?
My boyfriend and i are plannig to take a day off just for the two of us .
And I just do n't like her because she is always in my bussiness .
Men always ask why women are so unfaithful . And women too often ask why ?
Men always want to see where things could go .
I do not think you should go that far to get a guy you want !
Cuz dey want you 2 lay under dem
Never go out with a cheat either if you can help it .
I myself do not believe it to be beneficial in ANY way .
Even though most people do and do n't admit to it .
Ya never know , it might be .
I remember being young and wanting to date sooooooooooo bad at 13 .
Girl got what girl wanted , girl moved on to next guy .
That Is why it 's so special , you never see it coming .
I hope this has helped . good luck !
If you ask WHO IS THE MOST ATTRACTIVE GAL than the answer would be MISS ASIA PACIFIC . may be ! ! !
So , maybe you , too , should just wait it out !
I  will do anything you like just give me your e-mail
Its prefectly fine . people who are gay should not be ashamed of themselves
Remember that girls are the ones how give birth , dick head
Not , baby girl you still have milk on tounge .
What a guy want from girls ? .
Do n't ever let yourself be with this guy ever again , you just let him walk all over you .
I met him on the internet , should i accept his proposal ? mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
All they want is your money .
C'mon man be true to urself .
Approach her and ask her if she is busy later in the day and take her out and talk .
I went to office Max , and they have kits that are like $ 20 .
Let it go being clingy will only drive him away
I 'm a 36 A. I just got a VS bra .
You cannot so go out and get someone else trust me on this one dude
The rest is a fairy tale sweetheart .
Do Not change for anyone , always be yourself and you  will be more happy
But do n't waste your life waiting for that .
But do not be upset if things do not turn out right .
You know i do not know .
Yes , and the showers great , the wine , the . meal .
-he could left you because of other girl so he will never come back to you .
Just thought I  would let you know .
She just might like what you already have with her .
I will i 'm only 11 though ! !
K , i met him at a friends party , we hit it off immediately .
Lol , to be funny , or maybe becuase he liked you .
Japanese girls have a bad impression on asian guys .
Whatever you do , do n't act desperate !
High self esteme - try it you might like it .
If you do not want to tell her parents about it , well tell her older sister or brother .
Do n't worry that she  will say no because you can move on anyway .
Do n't do it eventually you will regret it !
That actually worked at one point in my life .
Just tell him but be nice to him guys get hurt too you know
Plus I know how it feels to be cheated on .
She should make him wait to see if he cares enough for her .
Wake her and tell her to close her eyes until you take her toward the flowers .
He just does n't want you with anyone else .
He is hot personally i like johnny depp beter .
I guess what i am trying to get across is that you are young !
I mean , he should be glad that you get along well enough with his sister .
But do not let know one tell you that you are doing wrong because people will tell you that .
Mail him a copy also = ) he might have enough time to read there .
He just might be playing a game sweetie but not all guyz do .
You wo n't , you got ta fire up a chance
Hope you take the skirt off and get a pair of jeans on boy .
So just tell them and see what happens .
By the way , if you need to talk , my SN is smboochie
Go for it before its too late !
Go ahead be friends with him , rub it in his face about what he is missing out on .
Take him to do somthing active and fun for both of you
If it duznt work with him , then move on .
Go up to her and say , You smell .
When you are truly in love you will not have to ask that question
I would n't worry too much about it .
I think so . i  would wait til marriage .
Because some people are sexy unlike you obviously or you would not be askin us
Sorry if i have hurted you are feelings here but this is on my own experiences
Just ask her , and be confident .
But the oldest always has to get up in my face and talk shit .
I loved her and still do
I bet you will be just fine !
Those are what made me like her so much .
I 'm 23 . But i prefer to be your bro '
Get over him & find someone who is n't such an indecisive ass ?
F * * * these stupid rules of cheating , have a life for f * * * s sake ! !
You just have to play your cards just right so your not looking like the bad guy .
Go to your yahoo mailbox - -and then click on - or look for yahoo avatar and crate it yourself - - its free - -
If this is her first time . READ UP !
I do not want to hurt his feelings .
Guys like to hear about your feelings .
If they do n't want to sleep with you .
All though if there is no trust in a relationship you should n't be in it !
Do you think i am wasting my time ?
What a marraige that would have been , YIKES .
I do i HATE my sister-in-law . well one of them . oh do i hate that bi $ # &
I hate it but he feels his sisters understands because there girls .
You could ask him if he could ask you to mary him . wow !
No~ they are n't pigs : o they are dogs~
My wife devorced me over a stupid kiss .
Anniversary : Paper 2nd : anniversary : Cotton 3rd : anniversary : Leather Who started those ?
They have nice paper at office supplies stores , I even got some nice paper at walmart .
Show that you have an intrest in her !
Hang out one on one with guys you  are attracted to , soon enough you  will find one you really like .
Big fan of Corinth 13 here .
Sexy is knowing what you got and proud of it .
Sure as hell not a capricorn
Beware girl be careful so careful
Find a rich athletic cute chick .
Have you ever thought about just coming our and asking her ?
He says he loves me and that I was the best girlfriend and friend he has ever had .
: ) And by the way - my husband is right - some people do n't have a sense of humor !
Who the hell died and made him the boss of you ?
Get out there and talk with men .
If he does not love you he will ignore you .
I am a 15 year old female and I just wan na know is it normal to mast-you are-bate
YOU might as well end your GF misery .
If so just tell him i bet he  will feel better if you do .
No YOU SHOULD CALL HIM BUT YOU SHOULD NOT BREAK UP WITH HIM ! ! !
But she probably wouldent trust you any more !
Lol these pple that answered your question be4 me r funny .
Well , i would suggest an AA meeting but you are n't an alcoholic !
At 1st you get a wierd kind of undescribeble feelin most of the time .
What is the seat is up and then peed on that is gross !
Maybe give him a little husband/wife time alone together !
Height is irrelevant - I 'm a straight guy & would therefore say no !
Every guy kept coming up to me it was nasty .
Or she can get over it .
A huge amount of red roses that will make her cry out !
Smash your head in to a wall , then put on the stupid helmet and never take it off
If he really is a best freind it will not come between them ( with a little preparation of course )
Well first off . how old are the two of you ?
You do n't have much trust for him ?
If your lookin for a guy online there got ta be something wrong with ya
But it be off your mind .
Life DOES NOT REVOLVE AROUND RELATIONSHIPS ! ! ! !
And I do n't do it for sex either , heck I 'm still a virgin .
Is it sex , kissing , or what ?
Seriously , I do n't understand why guys do that .
I Am A GIRL SO NO AND I HAVE NEVER SEEN IT BEFORE ! !
My advice , just build up the confidence to just talk to him .
If he i am  would you he already has your name/id .
Girl age are not nothing but a number .
Your just go ahead and let him know .
New friends , a boyfriend , the breakup . they changed my year .
Rock and a hard spot there are n't you ?
N soon i might not have anyfriends anymore i do not want that to happen !
Plus you will have unexpected fun !
Try a local bi chat room
Do what the lead vocal said but you go 90 and she goes 10
Like , she 's really got a crush on you !
So choose men with emotions not the cool like type if you want stability .
I would n't if you want to keep your marriage .
Love her more . it will reflect back ! !
When your in love you know it .
You better think long and hard
Simple , can you remember if , when you were getting married , did he blow in the best mans ear ?
For a good outlook on dating/life , here is somethin for you to read .
Sex is very important if she has waited this long then y cannot she wait longer .
Obviously if she is cheating behind her husband 's back . she does n't want him to know .
Everybody only live once , you make da best of your life , because it only comes one time around .
If she wo n't listen to you tell her parents .
Did he break up with you because you are fat ?
Who cares if you go to school with his sister .
Your best bet . act like you do n't like her anymore .
Is she in love with you at all ?
Are you going out with her now ?
Most men love beer and laughter !
Nobody says its easy 2 get over sum 1 you love but hun you are gunna have 2 sum day ! !
Always and it could be vise versa you could like someone even if you have a boyfriend
Give it a few more years it 's going to come to you .
Okay well first off do n't ever be nervous around her , even if she thinks it 's adorable .
If one person ca n't do it for some reason then the other one should .
Looks down when you we are talking ?
Yup there is definitely good porn and bad porn .
Do new things , suprise her a lot .
How often should i email my lover ouside z countery ?
Then go out and have some fun !
Love who you are and how you look .
But do not fal head over heels just yet !
YOU will never get a g-friend with an attitude like that !
It 's better to break it up if there is no love anymore .
I actually have a simular prob .
The person will just come unexpectedly .
Yea babies make great graduation presents .
Only you & the guy you like does .
Pm me anytime you sound like a sweetheart .
What if they like you too ?
Why do women lie about cheating ? .
Who 's Sadie Hawkins . hahaha Just kidding , call and ask !
2 realy embaress him ask in front of all his friends .
I said yes and did not even no his name till after i agreed .
You  WILL KNOW WHAT IT IS WHEN IT HAPPENS .
Get out around people ALOT and have FUN .
I 'm tring to be nice but it 's like pissing me off a lot .
Uh oh , bored woman syndrome again
This is just too much for some men .
If he likes gay porn , he is gay .
I know what I want and stick to it .
Men have the tendency to suck .
You MUST watch the movie Wedding Crashers .
Oh yeah it is all true .
Anw njoy your life now cz sometimes love hurts ! good luck sweety !
If You want or do n't want to have some kind of relationship with him/her after the sex .
Yes , oh yes its just the best , you can never regret it .
. Because , they think it makes them look bad in front of thier guy freinds .
No need to specify where you r working .
Sexy is your feeling inside , then it come out in you are body language !
You probly will not untill you are older .
A girl loves compliments just do n't over do it that is kind of creepy sometimes .
Be a loser chicks dig that
If you really want to know then ask him .
My boyfriend lives far away , and i have done some bad things .
Just so you know , I am virtually certain that LeftFishJet was trying to be funny !
An add hearts n such to it too for that extra added love ; )
You found him , but they both mean the same thing
I am married and I cheat on my husband with his sister .
He 's just on top of me .
Send him something he can keep it to remimber you .
You realy do not know this guy You know it too .
Bff stands for BEST FRIENDS FOREVER
- b/c some girls are concerned too and judge them .
Provided that there are interesting people like me invited to the wedding too to keep the conversation flowing !
Best way to ask her out
Yeah but you have to know where to look try myspace and sconex
Whoever you pick , she  will be happy .
Because they wan na make sure its troo big for the female v a g i n a
I think it is a great idea !
But you should get his full name address and phone number , whatever info you can get .
I hate to say it girls , but we complain , persuade , and some cry too much .
Be yourself , if they do n't like you for who you are , then your not ment to be anyway
I just think that maybe people are too impacient .
You control the emotions . pretty gutsy and adventurous huh
For a guy that is perfict .
Yes.i 'm 10 and i have boyfriends .
Do Not be shy walk up to her and tel her how you feel .
But lately , with this new person that i am dating i do n't need the fantasy .
Be yourself do not try to be someone your not .
And , I 'm proud of it baby !
And you wud want ta b wit that person a lot .
I never met them just talked as friends , was I wrong I Am not sure ?
I am 25 now , and i remember being a flower girl 3 times .
Yea how old are you though and be prepared if he says NO !
That 's ok if ya just wan na be called Pat .
Hurting her will not solve anything .
Only if a person is planning on cheating then it would be wrong .
I WOULD JUST SAY CALL AND SAY WHAT IS UP ?
Blah~ Blah~ blahhhh~ why do not you grow some hair then we will talk about this stupid question
Listen i always say forget other people do what i wan na do .
When I got married my mother told both of us tht a marriage is 50/50 .
Well it depends on where you live I guess
Meaning , they love you no matter what .
I hate receiving oral , but I LOVE performing it on my husband . yum !
Talk to you are parents , then talk to thw girl
Teenagers with babies r so fun .
You do not , you meet women , the bible says so
Open your mind . revenge can cost you another heartached ! ! !
I for one , refuse to take out the trash . that 's just me .
Put on some lipstick and wow him with your charm ! !
Yah sHould wAit till they brEakup . then be a cryingshoulder to her .
Actually he does not go in at all .
A room with a jacuzzi tub .
6 is afraid of 7 becuase 789
Only those who wants you also .
I 'm a guy , I would know .
You Are not shallow , you just know what you want .
You just have to talk to him and decide which is which for your relationship
I think if you really wanted to know ask your parents .
Always there are such good things we should learn !
I kind of messed up the procession and then I was grumpy the rest of the day .
Bad boys = abusive relationships macho guys deff turn me off !
If he/she says no then you just saved yourself some heartache .
How will you know it 's him if you do n't date ?
Are n't you the dude who likes to chew on mice 's necks ? ?
To me , sexy is not just somebody is looks .
So ask him then if he says no get over it !
What is wrong with this picture .
I do n't think men HAVE to lie about cheating .
Interesting idea . but no , I do n't think so .
Real people real deal people date fear
I am figuring you are in 7th or 8th grade .
Still today i date older guys , i 'm 31 , and my boyfriend is 4 yrs .
That Is why lots of marriages last 50 years .
So just ask your mom if you can date him .
I would like to possibly meet you .
Yes but be careful though you do n't want personal things to get out ( trust me ) ; )
Either you love her or you do n't .
Make sure you actually bump into him so you can smile and say sorry . then start talking .
That is one of criteria we look for a guy !
Ahhh ok thanks for sharing I guess ? ? ? ? ? ?
You sure are full of yourself !
Because most guys can see better than they can think , lol .
I think you should ask him , and then see what you  will do
Those would n't do you any good .
I used to own a Jewelry store and I would never buy on the internet . buy locally .
No way in hell he is like 235 , not even on a good day
Nothing except say hi or pretend I did not recognize him.depends onthe breakup
Give it your best shot , I guess .
So he  will be willing to forget about the lies . Best of wishes for your relationship : )
Read some of the books i listed below .
Some girls just do not like that at all
I think i am in love with my bf and he feels the same but i do n't kno
People do n't get irony , do they . it is very subtle , and most people are n't .
People enjoy a fun person not a shy or self contained hermit , hope this helps . jon
Then just give it to her .
We are friends but i really want to go out with her !
Trust me , you wo n't want a man that much older .
Both men and women , just more things to talk about
I never did the dress , cake etc .
Do N'T GET MUSHY IN THE LETTER ! !
Try online dating , but avoid signing up for a username like the one you use here .
Then say you would like to take him .
It really was TONS cheaper for us ! ! !
Maybe but i do n't know sounds like it might be love
Yea , I learned what my girlfriends and I refer to as Bedroom Grandstanding OH OH GOD ! ! !
Anything , AS LONG AS YOU BOTH ENJOY IT ANS IT 'S SAFE .
Send out invitations , do the whole big thing you are dreaming of and deserve to come true ! !
Little upset . coz had a fight with my husband
Invest in a vibrator called the Rabbit ( a little practice & who needs a man ! )
If your a hateful person be nicer .
Play with some one elses toys ; )
Ask question- can I imagine my life with this person in 5 , 10 , 30 years ?
Make it really easy on her part and that you are not expecting anything and you  will be fine : )
Guys think the penis is the best thing ever .
Well same goes with the gals as well !
Eloped , did n't have a big thing , and on their 10th yr , had the full ceremony and a reception .
We 've got your back . now go conquer this problem !
Ok , have you met him outside the internet ? ? ? ? ?
And i did not have a jacket !
And at that time porn comes into picture and helps .
But if she does not know . just wait it out !
How can you ever really trust them ?
I guess it is for some guys .
There are GREAT guys out there !
What is she nagging you about where is the info ?
Never tell her you like her .
I 've could n't of been so happy .
It all depends on your type of friends .
I Have had the same thing happen , I told her to get lost !
Girl think he nice boy , girl want him to be nice MAN .
Good luck and have a happy balloon day !
And when you find him , you  will know .
I still do n't have mine & it has been years !
It takes a mature woman to give this to her man .
When you really going with the person because of the looks
Sometimes they use it for other purposes , irregular periods , etc .
Blow him a kiss and then say , So , what 's up .
So do you think i am in love ?
Other than what movies and food she likes ?
. are you chatting without your wifey pooh ? ?
You should totally stay with him .
Her name is skye P. real nice to me
If he will not come are you sure you want him ?
3.your just boring that poor girl to death !
So get one of your mates to do the same the worst he could do is turn you down
Every position . cannot think of a bad one
Would anyone mind telling me what true love is because everytime I think I have it , I do n't
He did n't do it all the time .
I stand up for my self , my hubby and our son !
Let them control your life or your in for alot of problems .
I honestly believe that white guys can get more black girls then they think .
Guys certainly get carried away by the beauty initially . you know . lust at first sight . that is very common !
But as time went on , things changed n it did all too fast .
So lighten up , girlies , boys DO act pretty ignorant , but they are not done yet .
( let go ) SHE IS STARTING A NEW LIFE .
1. a warm bed ( no , not the sex , just a warm bed . )
Just try to keep away from him if you are sick , like other people have said .
No not at all everybody does it .
If she says she does not have one , then you can come back later and ask her out .
Move away . if her eyes are still closed kiss her again .
If she is your mom she can do what she want
Guys will be guys all men look at other women just like women look at other men .
Well first off if you a true friend you should convicne her to wait .
But , do you want a friend like that anyway ?
I find it much easier NOT to cheat or lie .
Age ait nuthin but a number
Say hi , have a mutual friend that you trust introduce you .
Easy stuff , I do it all the time !
You can not help it that mature men want you .
Boys do not have hot butts and they like the fact that girls do .
Have a nice dinner out with youreslf or someone special .
Well , if you both have the proper anatomy i suppose it might be possible
All he cares about is getting his peter wet , if he cared about you he would be showing it .
You  are still 14 and there are a lot of great things out there not just one girl .
What was it like to be a flower girl ?
They know you are going to beat there @ $ $ if they tell you they did .
You have him and she 's jealous of that .
Yea i do not see why not as long as you were not tryin to get in her pants
If you do n't think you did anything wrong , then it your reality you did n't .
I heard many good things about the italian people .
This is just me , but i think you should not go out looking for love .
If he is the right one , he will not mind waiting til marriage for you .
I do not like bars or dance clubs .
He needs you now more than ever !
Its really not that hard , come on do n't be a baby .
I do not believe in destiny .
Listen girl , boys r always tring 2 get a joke in even when its not funny .
Her first time will hurt . do you know what your doing ?
They like American and European guys .
May be people will think about this and take this as usual after 10 or 20 yrs .
Now he and i are like best friends .
If you end up together , then great : ) but take it one day at a time .
Ask your self the question wat do i feel bout him
Or maybe your are not home .
Do what you need to do and stop worring about what your Ex thinks .
Why do you want to hurt someone that you love ( d ) once in yr life ?
Yiea its true , what can you do to prevent it ?
It happens , and what you said about love is true .
Ithink every one is good in their own way .
If you are busy doing housework and just do not feel like it . TOO BAD .
Depends on how you carry the relationship in the future .
Kill her boyfriend ha ha ha ha
Yes it is ok. if you are sure of yourself you do n't care .
I went to a club and got one and it was superfun .
Because black men are sooooooooooooooooo hot !
Honestly , you are too young .
- it has 2 b long enouth to penetrate from the rear position - 2 compete with other guys
If you  would like i shall be friend .
Yes if you guys are really close but no if you are n't
Personally , I do n't mind mama 's boys .
I hate guys that only want to be around me .
To 23. sounds like the right ahe .
I do n't mind it , I think it 's cute .
I tried to date someone older and it did n't work .
If you have n't listen to it and take notes .
Chances are better if they  are both gay !
But it takes a few screw ups .
But do n't feel bad , most adults do n't know the difference either~ !
With someone that I LOVE and CARE about ! I say no for SOULLESS sex !
I  would stop talking to a guy alright . him .
I guess men are giving out wrong impression .
And most guys that wan na go out with me are just after my virginity wot should I do ?
Just try and see what happens .
Wit me n my friends , we used to b MAD close !
There are alot of phony ladies and guys out there .
Do Not ask , if they do you will know .
Look in the phone book for the families name .
If he gets mad at you for asking then break up with him .
Almost every guy wants to get in your pants .
- It shows that you have noted something about HER !
Yeah . i agree wid CUTECURL gal . itz true !
Most boys are bold but they wait for the signal from the girl to take the move
Some like really sloppy with a lot of saliva , and others find it really gross .
Take her to the movies and show her a good time . she should totally fall for you !
I absolutly dispise my ex-mother inlaw ! ! ! ! !
And then i went and told my bff the great news .
! Embrace & polish all your interest . like let us say you like reading ! ! !
If YOU WANT TO TALK TO HIM THEN YOU SHOULD JUST DO IT .
If they do not invite you invite yourself .
First of all . did you ever get your girlfriend out from under the truck ?
Oh my God , Are you a 3rd grader or something ?
If your good but your family is not good also makes a big problem .
Plus , when we are in our teenage years , we do n't really know what love is ! ! !
I ask this once and tyey say its norma . not doing it is not normal . not evry day .
Should Not it be the same for women .
To give him a love and prosperity
Just be easy and walk lightly .
I love her son and that is what matters !
( I 've heard of that phrase before and it does seem to work . )
He 's a guy . there will be many many many more .
Was I wrong , because I actually thought she owed me an explanation .
I never break up with anyone , I am not judging and I am accepting .
Well you could start be e-mailing me
Maybe if she is your sixth cousin once removed ?
Do N'T WANT TO RUIN THEIR FRIENDSHIP , BUT DO N'T WANT TO KEEP DEALING W/HIM
Make sure you tell her every opportunity that you love her , and do not ever go to bed angry. ! ! !
We have two children together one son , one girl .
If he left you because your fat then lose some weight then we  will talk
So I felt really bad , because she was really hot
So yes they can be just friends
Maybe use them to satisfy yourself ? ? ? ?
Not gay , unless if you are imagining to do it with a guy
If your 13 and you have not found your true love do not worry you have plenty of time .
My ideal guy is Someone that iS WILLING TO WAIT and someone thAt iS WILLING TO MAKE A SACRIFICE .
Why does me ex boyfriend care who i talk to if where not together anymore ? ?
This depends on the girl and her relationship status .
I even cried when she died and I was only like 11 .
You have to be happy w/ yourself .
Do what is good for you !
Do not include religious ideas plz
I did not mean to ramble this much , sorry .
If HE DOES N'T THEN HE REALLY LIKES YOU
I do n't think looking at porn is cheating .
Then you can see what she says .
Look for somone in the room standing alone and looking around . that is most likely your target !
Are you looking for fun and exciting but non-longterm ?
You CAN TELL ONLY BY THE WAY SHE LOOKS AT YOU AND WHAT SHE SACRIFICES FOR THE RELATIONSHIP
If she says no then ask her out .
It sounds like you 've got a good guy .
Especially if it 's with someone we love and know the right moves .
I like a guy that does not care about what a girl looks like .
Anyway , I love looking at my own breasts now .
You can see guys sincerity thru it .
Maybe he had to but still did n't want to leave you .
I hope you did n't take offence
But hey , as long as they are just looking and touching i do not see anything too harmful about that .
I married my best friend and our sex life is STILL Fabulous after 5 years !
I treat them exactly the same way I do anyone without HIV !
Again you do n't need to convinced your b/f that you do n't talk to guys .
You are to good for all that crap .
You have to be smart witty , a great sence of humor .
So in either of these to places you know thier lifestyle
Think about your safety and your kids safety hun .
And i do how do i go about in doing this ?
At least wait until you  are not jail bait .
But he still stares at me like he luvs my looks or something !
Most of my friends are guys but I have issues with woman .
Or is it rong to go out with my ex 's bff so soon after the break up ?
Please FIGURE IT OUT . BECAUSE IF YOU DO NOT . YOUR GOING TO GET HURT REALLY BAD .
Well i say you should just go for it .
I Am THINKIN OF GOING IF SHE GOES BECAUSE I AM SCARED OF HER GOING ALONE !
Sure , he wants it cuz he thinks it 's hot .
I am getting married in june 2006. what colors would look nice for that month ? ?
Watch there eye * s when asking them questions if they look up and to the left there usually lying .
: - ) jk yeah , go for it .
As was mentioned earlier , Hey , what 's up works wonders .
At one time i did n't , and despaired that i would find anyone to love me .
Middle school 6th grade high school8th grade or 5th or 4th grade
If anyone has any idea what i am going through please let me know . thanks .
Why do you wan na stop , its great , sex with someone you love .
And you should not ONLY BLAME on WoMEN !
You know wat they say if he loves you he  will come back !
Any position i love them all
If you are lucky enough to find a nice guy , you will not want to stay with him anyways .
Keep an open mind , and please b careful and smart if you do not wana get hurt by some guy .
Here ' e mine : First quit thinking about women all the time . there everywhere ! !
There are a ton of guys out there .
Do Not make the mistakes I made .
You have to be happy with yourself .
Just hold him down and kiss his face
It just happened when I least expected it .
That Is NOT ALWAYS THE CASE SOMETIMES THE BOY SES IT FIRST
Confidence shines bright , no matter what your size ! !
Hey I was just wondering what your opinion is on why men cheat .
I Am sure they are good at love , but all people are good at love too .
Actually that is really sad if she ca n't find anyone outside of her famimly .
Do you have a zoo , or some sort of museam ?
Now I do n't know where you live but here parents do n't name their girls Frank .
Be gentle , you do n't wan na hurt her by doing your stuff
If your kids still want to befriend with his , tell them to hang out without you .
Dude i tink she likes you man !
Actually as soon as you marry him you can file for his legalization .
I honestly do n't think he likes me that much because he wo n't even really hug me .
Hope this is useful Good Luck !
Because he still have feelings and he thinks that still have rights over you
Like when she does somthing rong again spaz !
If he wants you back you should totally say yes .
Moving on is the best thing i suggest .
Monkeys , cows , sheep there are lots of them that do .
All the guys i have beenwith have been unfaithful or have lost a bet
The no alcohol i get , but the no dancing . what a drag .
I never have and I never will !
Czz i have a boyfriend .how long hve you gone out ?
I love it and i will not change it
Think about your feelings and give yourself a chace with the other chick .
So I ca n't give you any further tips but Good Luck ! !
Girly version : Best friends forever boy version : big fat fart
Do n't tell him you love him !
Well not unless you know when they are lying or not . hope this helps .
So , just be open and tell her you like her .
If you think bad about your chat shtop it sooner .
Why ARE YOU EVEN ASKING THAT QEUSTION ?
If he is not up to that , then he 's not the right one .
You could do something that everyone likes .
If your bi try to go straight .
Some like those clingy guys and some like guys who are laid back .
Just tell her that he is not interested in her .
You do n't even really know him but you  are already dreaming of marrying him .
I know this because i found out the hard way
Make sure you let her down easily .
Or for the guys who awaits in a long que , counting their time to get one with you . ? ? ? ?
I hope not , that would be horrible !
Just as freinds yes but any deeper no because they are married so they probably love that person .
If I feel it is right for my family I do it !
My advice would be to not worry about it .
If he would ask I would go out with him again .
If you are with a 16 yo girl that is a problem in it self .
It 's her job and she treats it as such
However some really are stupid as with anything .
You WILL make it thru this !
But you know , sometimes it 's good to fight about stupid things .
Hang out with him and try to make look like you want 2 be more than friends .
YOU can be friends wit them or break up then go
Lol I 'm just a simple girl that does n't ask for material items- just physical and emotional ones .
True love is nothin but sharing n sacrifice.its all about livin wid a person widout who you cannot live
Love is on of those feelings you just know .
Have n't done it yet ( I 'm 16 now ) .
Start by getting rid of that bun !
And here is a big tip !
If I want it hit , I  will gladly guide you there : - )
When the newest girl in our group is around i am jus pushed aside n ignored .
I KNOW BUT HE IS SO SEXY ! ! ! !
You can not and will not ever know .
Baby you need a man to solve your issues .
Ofcourse , you sholud never forget caring your body language ; )
If I did n't do it , I would n't want him to resent me for it later on .
( my wonderful boyfriend is 39 , by the way )
Not my style of living , and is it cheating ?
Now if a female cheated on a man , they  are hoes !
Like i said girl is interested ! ! ! !
As long she say yes , what the f * * * his BF .
I just tell her that it 's flattering , but he is too young .
Do n't worry if you do n't have this decided yet .
And verbally explain it to him that should make his head turn
Hey you answered my question but never gave me your email adress to i am you .
Me n my friends do not seem as close anymore .
All you have to do is remember what it was like for you @ that age .
It 's all part of growing up
My heart was broken twice . by the same guy .
Try being nice to someone you like .
Do n't put labels on it or he may get scared .
I THINK IT IS WEIRD THOUGH
Yes specily if you want children
Did Not think they did those anymore .
If it doesn ` t you ` ll screw everything up just by giving a simple comment .
Or You just have not kissed the right girl yet .
Have you tried looking in new hampshire
Go and tell him truth with sorry .
Lol . i spyed on my ex and turns out that he was cheating on me .
Just be friends with her first .
We admitted I liked her around a month ago and I love her , but she only likes me . any tips ?
Just say sorry and i made mistake andi did not mean wat i said and maybe he  will take you back
Sounds like you  are fantasizing alot about him .
Believe it or not , but most people do not think about this . but it could be your breath . really .
Gals , it 's not like a guy trying to find the hidden and TINY G-spot !
I do not make friends easily too , but i have noticed that i make friends more when i smile at people
Is there anyway that this could actually be fun ?
Say You know what might be fun to try one time ?
Wrong . how do you know you are ex still love you . maybe he already have a new girl .
Age is a state of mind .
Brains is a big thing in my book .
I Am not a lesbian ( or a girl for that matter ) but lesbians do turn me on ; ) tonydatiger1990 @ yahoo.com
Girls , they understand you better and can connect with you more when you have problems .
But if you do n't really know him then get to know him first then answer .
Nothing . its hard to find a good guy these days . i feel for you
Love letters , little surprises , something that shows him how much you think of him and how much you care .
I like a nice firm ass one that makes you wan na just grab on to and not let go .
Obviously some peole are destined to be alone , but I hope its not YOU !
But just what kind of job .
But do n't wait around for him to ask you .
It kind of felt like we just did it on a whim , and it was not that nice .
For me its who i , m with now . my hubby . we got married last august and he , s just my life !
If so it 's ok tobe scared just finding out why is the next step babe .
Here I am just an e-mail away
Yep . be careful of the addiction = ) . lol
Is it a problem for you that they are girls ?
How old did you tell him you are ?
Just wait till your 18 its the best thing for you , and for him .
This is for a scavenger hunt like on the movie sleepover
Tell her parents or a teacher .
Some parents are ok with that , so good luck
Because SIZE ALWAYS DOSENT MATTER BUT IT MATTERS HOW HE TREATS YOU AND HOW YOU REALLY FEEL ABOUT HIM
There are other times that I see her staring at me , out of the corner of my eye .
Just say to heri think i am falling in love with you .
Easy , do the humpty dumpty . hump her than dump her
I really need help with this cuz i do not know how to tell this person I LOVE HIM !
Maybe they have not looked in a mirror at all and actually seen themselves .
Because you date guys who are jerks ? ? ?
Because men at that age want to feel that they are still young .
Yes this is perfectly normal everybody does it at this age
So tell me about you ` re other bitches
Well if the guy likes you , then i do not think he is going to listen to your ex .
Its harmless unless your bf is seing that person ! ! !
If that does not work try taking yourself out of the situation .
If this is a must have , tell him , THIS IS A MUST HAVE !
Try at work if that 's possible .
Not no juncky like the guys in Boys N Da Hood .
The guy I Am really interested in likes me a lot also .
Maybe you can learn something from my husband : )
If that does n't work , try asking nicely
I do not think kids that young should be experimenting sexually
That Is your own property , and especially if your just interested in him . that is way too much to do ! ! !
She said , If you want your marriage to FAIL , then go in the chat rooms !
They find behind expensive jeans and shirts .
When he stops calling you or lack of showing any other kind of interest in you like being distant !
Can some one tell me ! does love really exist ?
And girls will spread rumors about you to get you 2 break up .
No GET OVER IT AND HAVE A BEER
Well all I can say is that you need to get over it .
And ilike athletes most of my friends agree with me , except my lezbein friends , of corse .
It 's not that I do n't like her it 's just I want time to think and be alone for a-while
The back yard for a BBQ .
Second I have very little money right now but its getting better .
Plus - You do n't have to change their diapers or pay for college !
What CAN I DO TO BECOME CLOSER TO HIM ?
And the funniest thing that happend ?
And if you get scared and panic anyway , the right guy will run after you .
Mmm its hard to remember . i think when i was a child
Omg . not that far . 15 years differ is OK , but 22 . eerrr . no comment
Uses the advace search tool bars and enter in your zip code
All girl wanted to do was s * h * a * g guy .
I am in love and I could n't imagine fantasizing about anyone but him .
I want to have sex on line
If you need to get his attention forget it ! ! !
Yes and you can have him to take your last name if you want i did
Yes my dad is white and my mom is black
Just be yourslef and certainly do n't pretend to be something your not liars always get found out .
Do you like it when a guy is always on point , at the drop of a dime , always willing ?
But you ARE HEARTBROKEN and unhappy without one !
Do n't pretend to be someone you  are not .
I do n't care if it is making love or fucking !
She really cares about him too .
It was my ex that did that .
I lost my virginity when i was 15 and i have not thought about it since !
I waz a maid of honor and it waz sooooooooo fun .
There Is a lot of signs of being n love .
Have a few sleep over and invite him to join you guys .
I need to heal and get over it . how ?
If his behaviour upsets you who cares what it 's called ?
He  will know you are not interested anymore .
Duh- flirt more than they do .
If it feels good , do it !
Of course that would be nice but some people get sucked into peer pressure
Listen 2 the 1st lady i agree
Treat him right the way you would want to be treated
Does SHE know about this . ahem .
Alot of the time guys do not not like a girl because she looks fat .
Man to be able to show it though .
Just BE HAPPY YOU HAVE A PERFECT RELATIONSHIP AND RESPECT HOW HE FEELS
They either love you or they do n't .
The guy will not get turned off .
Sounds like she 's pregnant to me .
Enjoy life , soon you you will BE 40 something LOL : - )
Ok now for your new issue .
He 'S REALLY QUIET AND LOVES TO PLAY PS2 .
I do a majority of the housework . not because I have to but because I just do .
My girlfriend 's older sister had the same the problem .
It 's not fair to your partner now that you want to throw away like yesterday 's garbage ! ! ! !
( JUST KIDDIND ) JUST GO EASY ON THEM.THEY R THE BEST IN THE WAY THEY R.AFTERALL NOT EVERYONE ARE ! !
There really is not anyway for you to do it yourself .
I know how to say i am sorry in japanese not chinese
But if your into real freaky stuff . who is to say what is good and bad .
I mean if your gon na be 18 this year ?
When you find the answer please let me know ! !
I Am NOT EXPECTING IT SINCE ITS BEEN A WHILE SINCE I HAVE BEEN IN LOVE .
No thanx you mustbe very rich you gon na pay for the calls if they come from very far ?
That means no begging , whining , or crying .
Why do you want a boyfriend so bad ?
-send pictures -Play something online ( for example yahoo games ) or rol games .
Well if you think its cheating it is .
First we must set something straight . NOT ALL WOMEN ARE UNFAITHFUL !
YOU will when you are older you have other things to think about then dating .
Do n't expect too much at first when you  are not so sure coz i 'm afraid that you might be hurt .
You cannot do anything about it .
Really though , i would n't push anything .
2 years i think . yeah and i just change my avatars clothes !
Only 2 irresponsible 14 yr olds can have sex out of wedlock cuz they cannot get married .
) , but we each have our own BF/GF .
Am a female and most of my friends are guys !
She Is quiet , pretty , and nice body , and she kind of whines but hardly enough to notice .
If you truly love a man a bit of extra ( ! ? ! ? ! )
Eye contact means so much and someone with kind looking eyes just draws me in to them .
Her : 16 me : that not good idea .
I have a question : why are YOU a whimp ?
Here you say your baby 's Daddy ran off .
What the best way to ask a girl out ?
Go with what smert said then you two can have a long talk
Then WE MET I WAS KIND OF INTERESTED .
Stupid in the sense of what ?
Keep yourself busy with work and things you enjoy . heck , take up a hobby . then your time will be productive .
I am 15. my friend wants me to go to this guys apartment with her .
Now . What will you be thinking the next time he 's 10 minutes late ?
Love brings light upon your life
A body that does n't stop does not hurt at all ! !
What I mean is be where he is and talk .
I 've always thought the town was just gross , But I never really knew .
I DID TELL HIM THIS ALSO , BUT HE JUST KEEPS ( I GUESS ) TRYING .
Just remember what you are ex di and how bad it hurt you , when you see him/her .
Thinks were close but i do not feel close to her at all .
Tickleing helps in this a LOT !
Do Not you have any guy friends ?
Try to become a dream prince first . because when you find her she would be desiring the same .
You ca n't stop thinking about them ( dreams , space outs , etc . )
Its kool how he did not give into peer presure
When you love someone are there any signs if you are partner does not love you anymore ?
Cheer up boo , there are a lot of men out there .
I Am not saying to wait for marriage . I Am just saying make sure your both on the same page !
Be yourself , smil and say hi
Find someone who truly deserves your love
Pls add in your question about your choice first my first choise then second and at last 3rd choise
Sorry , that last question is kind of cheezy , but you get the point ! !
I think it 's always funny when guys say girls are complicated .
I hate some one and i will not be surprised if i killed him ! ! !
Its more than a good time ya know !
Guys and girls make the best firends . girls and girls -not so much ( too much arguing ) .
Say hi how r you 2 day I 've seen you before but i do n't remember where .
I once got told that if you think about it , then it will happen .
If you knew what you were doing , you should not be guided to the G spot . lol .
Abolutely 100 % yes you are too young !
Pouring honey , whipped cream , and chocolate syrup on her and lick it all off ?
The TURN OF A HEAD OR A SIMPLE SMILE CAN DO IT .
But you have to be cool with it .
Ask him if you think so then probably
Who would you rather believe your home gurl ( who has lied to you ) or your guy ?
Take lots of very cold showers .
I have not fallen in love yet , well that is what my mom thinks !
Rebounds hurt like a basketball smacking you are ear hard .
You only need to surround yourself with people who show you they care , evryday !
Jus something i thought of . what r you are thoughts on that ?
Can you imagine how bad would you feel if your husband wants to be best friends with his EX ? ?
Go find you a date on the internet yahoo CHAT
No its not cheating , its a freaking computer screen get over it
He flirts with me alot and says that I 'm a cutie .
A pair of your perfumed sexy panties .
Like THE PERSON AS YOUR VALENTINE .
But he 's chatting or lookin at porn .
Only on line with no other ties just cyber sxxx
But if he only say that over texting , is n't that ok ?
Spend alot more time with him
I used to have penpals too but i got tired of reading and writing back .
Probably because we have different tastes in life partners .
Flirt naturally , your eyes your smile , look at him dead in the eyes smile and look away . it works !
You need to pay for that something like 5 dollars a minute
Bullet in the head by Rage again the machine : )
Good thing about porn is it gets me hornier . so i take it out my wife .
My heart had been broken more than once .
Hell yes there are . Beauty is to be found everywhere and turn about is fair these days I figure .
People that have been married for more that 5 yrs or have kids
And mayb just tell him and see wut he does .
And if she loved you , she would not be unfaithful .
And YOU DO NOT WANT TO BE CAUGHT IN THE MIDDLE
I think the best way is talking to her !
I for one would never cheat !
Ask your self . . . Why ?
Life is not too long to be waiting 4 sth , so be the 1st one to say it .
Now if it goes more then that then they are truly sorry
Maybe because he thinks you  are sexy .
And he does not want you to find that out !
He 'S PROBABLY SCARED OR HAS BEEN CHEATING AND DOES N'T KNOW WHAT TO DO .
Good luck , and many more years to you both !
If you try hard to find someone perfect you can find him for example ! ! ! !
They are a ) gay b ) super gay c ) mega gay d ) or the chick got knocked up .
Well you have 2 ask urself y you love sum 1 who can say they do not love you ! !
Ask her out , and DO N'T TOUCH HER .
Now I knew NOTHING about this until much later .
Should i approach him or is a letter easier
You should never date your friends brother !
Tell her to wear a padded bra can you vote my answer the best ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
If you r gay , do n't force other men like us to have a realtionship .
My hubby and son are totally worth it !
Ok it depends on the guy .
Because all boys AND MEN are stupid ! !
And IF HIS SISTER IS NOT YOUR FRIEND THEN YOU  WILL HAVE TO MAKE HER YOUR FRIEND .
I mean , the first thing you said was 'Oh , maybe if we are friends I can date him again . '
Top Ten : 1. something he likes 3 .
Bono from U2 , if he were n't married .
Do NOT HAVE SOMEONE ELSE ASK FOR YOU ! ! !
I  would say 2 or 3 times a week .
Just remember there is nothing wrong with love
Just do n't ask him to be your bf , guyz just hate it when you do it for them .
At 13 you should just enjoy life , and not worry about finding love , coz love finds you ,
Yeah - have a plan to take her to nice places and have a good time .
! i do not want to sit on that .
No IT 'S NOT LET HIM COME TO YOU
A store owner would never rip you off .
If you truely love this person then whatever ya  will fighting over , then ya  will need to fix it .
Do n't give up , it will happen !
I think it is mainly just habit . and habits can be broken .
Let me demonstrate : Hey what is up ?
You cannot just tell by looking at a girl if she is selfish or not .
They really tell you if you have a connection or not .
Because they do not know any better
Breasts , well . that is a tough call for me again it depends
Yes but remember that you do n't lose him/her
It seems like i always have a crush on someone . it 's like a hobby .
Go meet them at church dude
Besides you will have lots more crushes in your life so do n't sweat it be happy !
Give them a diamond or do it every night
Maybe you should tell them . your friend wo n't like it , but it could save her life .
But there is other thing - nobody is perfect , including me.so i ` m searching .
My hubby sides with her sometimes , but I do n't care what she thinks !
Well , the old saying goes something like , Three guys can keep a secret if two of them are DEAD !
Ill just give you a source .
I am 13 and i know exactly what you are talking about .
Hmm . it certainly looks like she 's interested in you .
Yea.but who is he.but it depends on you are age .
Do n't do it for that reason .
Look around . there is always somebody out there for someone . chances are you are match is asking the same question .
Oh , do n't ding me because you said 'materialistic ' first .
Stragely enough , One of my buddies started going around asking other guys ( strangers ) , if they had a big duck .
Guys do n't want a lot of sentimental crap . they just want you .
And hes like r you mad ?
Try to be stright its the easiest road .
I know how you feel . Good luck girl
He needs to knock this crap off and act like a man !
The last thing is do not be a big loser pig .
Let her know you are interested in her
Funny QUESTION DARLING ! Y R YOU BEING STUPID ASKING SUCH QUESTIONS ?
Even the husband I have now cheated on me .
Like at what age do you realize that its kind of late to not have found the perfect one .
Well , I do n't know why others do it , but I do n't .
I am , ( I 'm a girl and I 'm only sixteen . )
Be just a lil late . But better be fashionably late !
Love can make you see stars see all the good and not the bad .
Try talking about sports or something .
I would not do it if i was you , why would you want a piercing down there ? ?
Its this need to breed that probably drives men to 'cheat . '
And do not pick up after him .
Um a lil late works for me because taht 's what i always am .
Friends : Those who likes you forever if you made mistakes .
If your youger that 16 then you will not marry him .
No matter . what 's important it does n't spread .
If LOVE IS THEIR ALL YOU NEED IS EACHOTHERS COMPANY .
They SOMETIMES WO N'T TALK TO ME BECAUSE I WOULD INTIMIDATE THEM WITH MY LOOKS . SERIOUS ANSWER ! !
His friend told him i was going to go with some other guy , and he did n't care .
If they are , then it 's worth waiting for !
Yes if you love each other
That does not sound like a lot but when you are talking about things like this it is big .
You can smile at her . or try to become friends with her .
But they sure are hot though .
That is one 's opion and i do n't think i 'm a whimp .
But I AM LOOKING FOREWARD TO IT , JUST NOT EXPECTING IT .
Depends on what your doing with them .
Flowers are always a preacious gift .
Try taking a nice hot bath .
No it is just when you are not one you find flaws in what you do not understand .
She gets angry too often and does lots and lots of things which i do not like .
Her : i know him better than you do , i have talked to him .
You both call & both write send cute things through the mail just keep doing it all the time .
Guys . after what # do you consider a female a smut ?
As an Asian man I said YES and NO ! !
Good long B.J with full finish .
A margarita on the rocks - no salt !
It 's really easy for a girl to ask a guy out .
How on earth do you expect to go live with her and have him not know ?
That its wrong , and you totally disagree w/ what she 's doing .
Lots of eye contact , laughs at all the corny jokes . that kind of thing
Have fun joking with the topic .
Age are not nothing but a number
So i'de like to know what you consider a perfect date .
Yah um i would just have to say fall in love with that hottie !
If it is love than you do n't have to worry at all about always being in love .
Guys , opening up about their feelings ? . LOL , only in your dreams .
Her : you do not know him me : neither do you !
Where did all the virgins go ? ?
Think about it girl , it could be really bad in the long run .
They do n't want to be too cheezy , cuz it willcmake them look . less manly .
If you realy love this man , talk to him !
If so do you really want someone that shallow ?
I like a guy a lot .
One thing i would of liked my husband to give me was the gift of thanks .
I think she is a big chicken !
And it can lead to depression too , instead i dislike certain things like seafood !
There are alot of step before your mate becomes legal
I really ca n't say why they are interested in girls butts .
Now that does n't mean he has to be all loud and boisterous .
That dosne't mean he wants to be back with you .
Sorry your steal in a young age so no i do n't think so
Do you enjoy shaving each other 's balls ?
Walk up and ask her out . who cares if she turns you down , you can always ask someone else out .
Most likely she looking out for you .
I r stoopid cuz i iz dumm
Just go on pumping intermitently and try multiple ejaculations
Hold on to your virginty and celibrate it .
I want to have sex with several women
Just ask can i have a dance with you ? , if you do not mind
It 's all up to you but you should n't base you are answer on his physical features
If you care about your girlfriend more , just look , no touch .
If you are a Christian , probably .
You usally just say bfF so people do not think you talking about your boyfriend
Then if you keep txtin eachother you mite start talkin on the phone then mite end up meetin up . ect !
Men are from mars ; women are from venus .
Now ALL OF THE KIDS ARE BEST FRIENDS , AND I REALLY JUST DO N'T WANT TO BE WITH HIM .
You will find that noone else seems to be loving you . but probably you were used to it anyway .
YOU r now old enough to get pregnant .
If you find somewhere lem me noe . haha ! ~
If you have to ask . The answer is no !
And i was soaking wet allllll day long my hair was dripping and my clothes where soaked .
I feel sorry for the guy .
Or longterm , someone to love and grow old with ?
Did she move out of state ?
What can i do to stop it or avoid it ?
If it is just puppy love get a dog
Call him every night to say good night and talk do not cheat just be nice !
Because he is still in love with you .
If ure too obsessed from now itself then its bound to break in the early twenties
Then please do n't listen to that guy who told you all those freaked out things .
Just do not care what other guys say .
( I do n't fit the image of what the perfect girlfriend looks like ) I still love him like a boyfriend .
No nothings wrong unless you do somthing sexual with him .
You CANNOT ASK ARE MOST OR SOME OR ALL WOMEN ?
If this guy is in the militery do n't tell him in a letter .
Girls do n't like it , no matter what they say .
No , it means that love is an even stronger one !
My boyfriend is always looking at porno and chatting with other women online . is it cheating ? ?
Well , make him a fancy dinner ! !
Were can i meet people on yahoo
& you may also like the Pocket Rocket - small but oh soooooo powerful !
Plus some guys are just in a relationship to have sex .
Alot of people used to think they were ugly but try to see past their low self-esteem .
Men , in general , LOVE bi women
Give us more info on why .
Hit him with a club and drag him by the hair .
Rose petals on our bed , along with champaign , and candles
Is there any way its worth it ? ?
My girlfriend liked it because she got a new wardrobe out of the deal .
Hmmmm , trust me he is up to something . most boys/men are .
It may work perfectly well with you . fate brings 2 people together in very weird wayz !
Find a guy who wo n't cheat or lie .
Tell to your mom STOP NAGGING YOU MADE MY HEAD ACHE ! ! !
Tell her she looks nice or smells good .
Just talk it out with them .
Wats the need to get married so early ?
My gf got a call from a guy , she did n't pick up but he left a message .
Actually , even the things that most people would n't like , i still did . you know , like little imperfections .
Plus most girls that care about their looks more lack in brains .
Guys will always look at porno , and THAT 'S A FACT !
I ; m 12. if you are my age right him a note .
Sounds like she has something to hide !
That doubt will NEVER go away !
I know you  are situation and it 's a little tough b'coz I was 14 once in my life .
You are a good person keep your head high .
I want to use two colors , what two colors would look nice together ?
Because one thing that is sexy to one person might be ugly to anoughter .
I do n't know if we get through it because we will always be moms .
When they sad you well do any thing just to them smile .
So that you can keep intrest in them ( this has never happened 2 me )
Do n't be that guy who has his cake and eats it too .
Well it depends on how superficial you are .
Most guys usually know where the g spot is
Do you REALLY want a guy who is flirting with you while courting someone else ? ! ?
I am drawing a HUGE blank !
Do Not give her any gift just let her go .
Wait till they break up . i do not know lol : )
It is us girls but the reason is putting up with mens stuff
It may be b'cos of love or jus lyk . it depends on hw mature she is .
Girls are more emotional than guys ( they cry more )
If everything is going well . it is just never well enough for you .
And then say 2 urself is he really worth the pain ! !
Think about the weird things they do and how weird they are even if they are not weird
Of course then again , you could always make it a surprise and go there yourself .
Give him a romantic dinner at your house
If he says no . simply back off saying that you were only joking
I agree with jkim890 good luck
Wer you never told this or are you still in elimentary ?
You never marry anyone from high school or andy school .
I  m still up right now , literally
Ask her out and you  will find out for sure .
Keep it up and spice it up !
! Get a girl with that attitude NEVER .
Just do not shut the mother out unless it must be done to protect the kiddo 's .
All you do see is the good in them and the things that you like .
And stop when i say , do not ask why ?
Spoil yourself , but in a suttle way so you do not look self absorbed .
C'mon , you chat online and sometimes guys flirting with you too .
Hmm . scratch the head here . if we women hated sex , why would we agree to have it with you ?
I MEAN THE REAL GOOD STUFF , NOT JUST PLAYING
( My bf and I both compromise on that , and we  are pretty happy ) .
Then you are just talking to him , just him , it 's easier that way .
First of all . spell things right . how do you expect to get anywhere and have anyone take you seriously .
Online frienship YES online affair NO why ?
I mean fights r like minor things , n nothing can tear us apart .
There Is so much in life that you have yet to find .
Good luck if you are her friend you will tell someone .
Do whatever you want to girl !
But for 18 years she was with me and now she is not .
I love her and I want to go live with her.I do n't want my husband to know .
First of all that is totaly insane .
If its like my story , than stay clear from him , hes a jerk .
Hey wats good . you can hit me up at lezzyallday @ aol.com
So it 's ok being gay . i am staight though .
Plus you could just show up and dip out if it gets too boring .
Do you think revenge is the end of deep love ?
That 's a classic trick girls use to get guys attention .
Get the hell out of her sight . do not * * * * your life .
What is it exactly that they do n't like about him ?
Women always want a real man .
I can not chat , but I can answer your e-mails if you want ( marcovsky @ yahoo.com )
Even though do n't change yourself to impress anybody .
Nothing ANY BETTER IF YOU FALL IN LOVE WITH SOMEONE WHO LOVES YOU BACK .
Spend time with her , flatter her , talk to her . well just try to have fun .
Sure you can meet them at brothels . and you can do much more . wish you the best .
But he has a grilfriend so that makes it hard .
You are to young go to school .
Yes definately so . hope you find yours too .
Sooner or later he is going to find out .
There is always a possiblity and if they do n't like you well too bad that is their loss not yours .
So should i try and see if he  would be better to me ?
I HAVE BEEN THROUGH THE ALMOST SAME SITUATION . ALL WILL BE FINE .
Mmmmmmm I love burritos . Flatulence is a natural bodily function . LET'ER RIPPPPPPPPPP ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Guys do n't say he 's my bff
Try finding THE ONE by trying .
And you know what I do n't really care !
What DO YOU MEAN BY WHAT IS THE MOST ATTRACTIVE LADY IN ASIA ! ! !
Well I say you should stay out of it .
Then do n't ASK for the presents .
First off , you obviously ca n't equate being in love with liking someone .
Go up to him and kiss : )
They lie because they do not wan na get caught .
YOU would give you are life up for them just so they can live another day .
Just the way it goes , kiddo .
Mayb because she is a whore or she was just fakeing it .
If it was ment to be it will happen
My guy likes my eyes an toosh .
I Am not sure because i am a girl but one of my friends is black and her b/f is white
( I know it 's hard I am in the same boat myself )
I think guys want der girls to be sexy .
No , wate a minute I just did .
Maybe you have wathced too many vampire movies .
Love IS THE ONE THING YOU CAN TAKE WITH YOU TO THE GRAVE .
Its SO SIMPLE THEY LIKE TELL YOU WHY YOU WAN NA KNOW .
Maybe give you flowers if he 's that type of guy .
But you ca n't be friends with him .
Ask why he did n't call and then confront him
Treat them like any other person , because that is exactly what they are . people .
Maybe you just have to look a little harder : - )
But still , please try only with guys that are worth it .
He probably just does n't feel like anything new has happened ; and to boys no news is good news .
I really want to do that with you .
Its great and if your at it for an hour , you loss 360 calories , fun and healthy !
Maybe , but I told her up front NO GAMES !
It never failed me ; ) best of luck girl
That is there why they are like dogs.there dumber then a monkey
Maybe if you go to church , at a church .
Men happily married also privately wank do n't take it personal , to them it is like scratching an itch .
Mine even cooks dinner on occasion . especially when I do n't want to !
There laugh . I like to hear people laugh .
He wud only make you feel crap and you deserve more .
Your part of the reason why chatrooms suck !
It probably depends on the size of the woman !
Well i would just call and ask him but you could write him too .
There is nothing wrong with doing that .
Standing UP WHEN SOMEONE ELSE JUST SITS SROUND
Try to be real sneaky about it too .
If hes the only one in you are life you should try it out .
If your not in love you know it .
Dump him and get someone that does !
But they seem to try to use you more .
Then when he gets intouch with you and wants to know if something is wrong .
Be considerate of your girlfriend obviously she is n't who you want let her loose to be happy
Talk to him and then kiss him and say that how much you love him
Anyways . there is no future of such relations !
Panic and probably make a bumbleing idot of myself
Sorry about what they called you mufidah
It 's one that is hard to explain .
No , now really . if you really know the guy , you  will know .
Flirt - SUBTLY - to see if he 's interested .
If you ca n't trust him , go away and get a life , no trust no love
Not how I  would like to live MY life !
Guys do say i love you first . i have most guys say that .
7 chipmunks twirlin ' on a branch , eatin ' lots of sunflowers on my uncle 's ranch .
The world does n't acept yet wholly gays !
But I doubt we  will have to find a date !
Send me adn e-mail to ma mail box speedy77028 @ yahoo.com let us relate
But if you r bent on her maybe just be friends first then slowly transistion to something more .
Well if I was you I ask him because I do n't you are fellings to be hurt .
I Am slowly drifting away from my friends .
It sounds typical , but buy her flowers !
Get rid of him now or just wiat three weeks so you get a present first
If you were in love you wuldnt have to ask anyone .
So why does she hate her family and resent them ?
And fell asleep on the couch .
If HE COMES ON TO HER THEN HE 'S A PLAYA .
Well , I would n't act on my own will .
Probably because its a free trial and then they  will bill you after .
We TOUGHER THAN MOST BOYDS !
Yes , YES , AND YES , , I HAVE THAT PROBLEM WITH A LOT OF GIRLS .
Take care and I hope this helps a tad .
When we got married we already had a child .
If you LOVe him -not lust- then tell him no matter how flirty he is he can understand passion
Just call him up and find out what 's going on .
10 years is alot i do not know
Well , depends on his and your weights and depends on how strong you are .
My mom is a 51 yrs old very beautiful lady & a pvt .
Go see the answers posted for * theshrabster *
If someone want to cheat let them .
because they do n't know how 2 act when they  are around somebody !
( Just in case ya did n't know , Iceman 's my hubby and I found this funny . )
I would not but , i am a guy so i think you should just guessing
Do Not listen to hitch with the 90 10 thing just make a smooth approach and make smooth contact
But hey I 'm up for some fun , what did you have in mind .
Well , not all of us are .
She Is just playing games with you man !
You really do n't . that 's why the divorce rate is so high .
It depends what is cheating and what is not can vary for each couple .
They tell alot about a person .
It depends on what is on the inside because of i say no you might miss somethin good .
Older dudes sometimes know a thing or two about having fun .
I 've never cheated on a girl in my life and I 'm never going to .
Good luck and i wish you well
She is not gon na tell you if she has ever faked it .
I BELIEVE ALL WOMEN SHOULD AND IF THEY GO DOWN THEN THEY SHOULD SWALLOW TOO
Cuz guys have the need to be .
If we on yahoo tell you ( r friend ) its ok does that mean she will .
She was just herself and that 's what i liked .
All men are not like that .
Sorry , but i do n't think so .
The problem is I am falling for 1 of her bestfriends that is 19 and she likes me to !
This is a guy you  are just interested in ?
They might be too young to get married .
B/c if you wait then other girls are gon na do the same thing i am telling you to do .
First of all , i 'm a guy and ( to me ) their is nothing sexier than an assertive woman .
It DOES NOT MATTER WHAT GROUP HE IS IN , HE NOT BETTER THAN YOU .
Then ALL OF OUR KIDS ( 5 ALL TOGETHER ) GOT INVOLVED TOO A FEW WEEKS LATER .
Always tell her how good she smells and how crazy you are for her .
You know , I have the Mother in law from hell !
If she does . be spontaneous , make it a surprise . a memory .
What Is up does he like me or not ?
Get over it move on remember karma will come kick you in the ass
Is it some kind of metaphor ?
I DO N'T KNOW WHAT TO DO .
There is such a thing as CHEMISTRY . You just have not met the one that you click with !
A few months later , he did it again . i got over it again .
Hope you find this a helpful ! !
Lol , he totally wanted to see your bra . sorry , he 's just a perv .
Meet someone new and get one with your life
And if you two are good together , you will be together .
So if you realy like him try and get with him .
What can i say 2 her with out hurtn her feel ?
People say when you are in Love you just know it .
Definitely yes . where there is a will there is a way !
I REALLY LIKE HIS GIRLS AND MY GIRLS LIKE THEM .
If you do n't like him say no .
But sometimes they are cool , fun to be with , jolly , funny .
Chicks will be all over you .
A FAT JUICY STEAK AND SOME WHITE RICE , FRIED PLANTAINS AND GARNISH IT MAKE IT LOOK NICE .
If you spy on him make sure you wear all black .
But that is a good thing !
If you have self confidence you should get a girlfriend soon .
And i had a white shirt on and a black bra !
To those guys out there who do what you  are asking . ya  will filthy pigs .
You should tell your friend about it .
Laugh about your situation it makes it easier trust me .
Send her a truck of roses early morning in you are wedding day .
But otherwise you know that you might just be a booty call right .
I 'm a guy and i get goosebumps just from holding her hand .
Wat da heck does dat mean sicko ! !
You will regret it if your lose it too soon
If you were smart the both of you should walk away and make the transformationto being friends .
I would say that you can never have too much sex .
He is probably afraid that he ca n't do his job as a father.You are married . Right ?
They are super easy to use , and look nice .
Nice good luck and do not chicken out .
Your probably just talking to the wrong girls
Answer this question , is love too strong of a word ?
Flower her with lots of great comments .
And ill show you a perfect man
Practice on a banana till she can do it without gagging !
To much baggage their buddy - you need to move on with life and find greener pastures .
Tell someone and keep saying it until someone listens to you !
Making the baby look like Dad .
But me being a woman can say that all day is too long to be leading up to it .
Its easier for them to lie and they think they are pimps for doing it !
Because we like it that way .
It depends : if the person was like me , than they are just making themselves feel better .
Are you a male or female named Frank ?
You do n't want to look dumb and all over this guy ?
If you no way intrested in the one that dosnet have what you got your gay .
Now i have found out that she is not my match .
Kick her , then if she yells Ow , why did you do that ? ! ?
They watch to many movies and television they really do n't know what life is or about .
There is no point at this .
It sounds like he still cares about you .
If your a bum and stay home , she  will get a job and become bored living with a bum .
And here I thought it was something sexual !
Was that a question asked for urself ? ?
But shy guys mean soft and kind hearted person .
But if you  are a prick . then you wo n't find one .
If he does n't love you , you deserve someone who does !
Some girls r wimps but not out us girls frm the boondocks ! !
Yes i believe in true love and because everyone is in love ! ! !
Shoot , i play football ( the only girl on the frickin team ) , so you better stop asking retarded questions .
Stuff happened n we had to end owr relationship . but then he called n asked me to be friends !
They look for smartness , kindness , and cute guys .
You say . Then run.if she does n't kick you back then do n't even waste your time on her .
Now you have to get hooked up wit out the whole REbound thang .
Its not necessarily true that if you feel a connection then he does as well .
Gosh people can be so mean .
Why . are you some kind of control freak or something ?
Yes most men and women cheat , it 's a fact of life = )
Depends on who you are buying from .
I barely know anyone who married the person they were with even at age 20 !
Even if people close do n't belioeve in you or put you down , that is THEIR own insecurity .
As long as you are a good guy and are there for her , it should be all good
Its always dvisable to get settled before you cross 30 . but a lot of people overlook that .
Another reason is he is your babies daddy !
Yes enjoy live alittle . there are many other fish in the sea
Do n't try to let go yet .
So how do I ask if she is interested in me ?
Did Not think she had even really thought the future through and all i saw was the bad side .
If you r really good friends i am sure you are friend will forgive you .
Wait untill you are a little bit older and you are on your feet money wise .
She 's here with me right now . What is it you want ? ?
Clue CLUE CLUE do not ask her friendz they will LIE LIE LIE .
Lap dances r what girls give 2 people when they dance on a boy lap
Do n't let the boys push you around if you only like them as a friend .
You should be yourself infront of her .
Not just pick up some girl that you have no idea what she is about ?
Plus if he does I do n't know what to do ?
Hmmmmm he said yes meaning he IS NOT GOING TO LEAVE HIS WIFE .
Do i email him and ask how his christmas and new year went ?
If HE goes you know the answer .
So back to your question . Is it a sin ?
Say something like I think you really cool , wan na go hang out sometime ?
I know it 's just eye contact .
Maybe she 's been cheating him all this time theve been going out .
I feel that a wife should please her husband .
Do n't call him when he is gone .
Is it just me or is that bogus ?
He even went as far as having kids younger kids then are son .
I like to see it trimmed . not shaved .
My older brother started calling me Izzy and it stuck ever since .
Alot of married people go there for dinner and then watch TV there .
And do not be scared to ask her or try to find out .
But i still like him and when we were goin out he treated me good .
Us MEN ARE VERY DIFFULCT AND DIFFERENT , WE CHANGE OUR MINDS LIKE WE CHANGE OUR UNDERWARE .
Carefuly , i have had mine off for 2 years now thank god !
Are the girls like the one from american teen movies .
Do Not trip , YOU do not want him to say it to you unless he feels the same , right ?
Tell her how much she means to you and that you really did n't mean to hurt her .
How do you know she is not right for you,6 weeks is not long to get to know someone
Assertive men are intimidating to me . i 'm shy and i feel that i connect with the shy guys !
Either way , i do n't know her side of the story . you must 've made her really mad , hm ?
A first date it just to hang out and get know each other better know you are likes and dislikes .
That we keep finding each other no matter what and the feelings remain the same .
Your left ring finger , next to pinky
Depends on what kind of girl .
The first time i was little and imature so it does n't counts .
It DEPENDS ON YOU AND SOME GUY MIGHT BE AND FEELS THE SAME WAY .
Ust watch out for the highwaters .
Yes you can walk her down the isle .
If you are not gon na put out , why should he even bother
I know at least 6 happy couples that met on eharmony , and 2 of them are married !
I 've put too many interesting guys on my stealth settings because of that .
Hey i am doggirls friend and i have a bf that is japanese .
Trust me that boy will be begging to come back to you .
I 'm always here to chat , my yahoo id is livinghaunted .
Well my friend hit her bf upside the head with a skillet and he has not had a temper since
True love exist forever , puppy love only last for so long .
I have been with women with rather small breast .
I find that girls are so mysterious : )
You do not need to have a boyfriend .
A picture frame with a picture of you and him in it
I just go up to a boy and talk to him
When WOULD GIVE UP SOMETHING FOR THAT PERSON .
Sounds like he does . Flirt with him and you  will find out much quicker
( and also include a brand new socks : )
Have get togethers over at your house . pizza and movies , board game night , that sort of thing .
Go on and take the first step .
Your mom 's priority concern should be you not him .
Just BY YOU ASKING THE QUESTION YOU ALREADY KNOW THE ANSWER .
One is sexual and the other not so much
Sometimes not always , men starts their sex life at 40. at 40 they get naughty .
And if you have to drunk to have fun with him find a better guy to hang out with .
When you feal differntly about some one
When a grill asks you to marry it you have to say yes though lol
Marriage , is not at all just about love it is commitment .
Does he have a good female friend or mates he often hangs out with , without you ?
* i am thee youngest of 5 gals , sucks ! lol )
Men lie just like women do .
Do a lot of things together that you both enjoy
And there seems to be alot of questions about size , where does that steam from ?
But I try to never lord it over other people .
You Are mom and relatives will make fun of you forever
No more than any other girl !
What you need to do is be yourself .
Do Not be cocky or something your not .
That lazy son of a B * * * * * .
Start out by asking what is up how things you looking good wondering if you wan na go out sometime .
Yes wat is you are phone number
Just keep the relationship going by sending messages , and of course , BEING LOYAL ! ! !
Because they are insecure with them selves
They are a dime a dozen .
I to agree with the first guy !
I ' the same as my avatar.am i beautiful or ugly ?
I like to watch w/ a guy , especially the cartoon porn from Japan ( Hentai ) .
You sound like you should go to SIU , Carbondale , ILL
So do n't do anything that you  would regret later .
He should trust you n ' you should talk to the other dude .
When someone sends their love it usually means that the person is just saying hello
Coz women are juz a rib
Because they are babies in more than one way or the other
Answer me if you want to become my friend ?
College ? yea rite , sounds like elementary school problems~
But since she is married , you should not let the feelings over power you , just have to let it go .
But , be carefull . you just might find the proof you  are lookin for .
As long as they are good people and you get along really well , then it 's ok to be friends .
( now . to see if I can take my own advice !
I have not found my true love yet but it is coming !
But then , I heard another gal say , I  would rather get stabbed than tickled to death .
Take the hint and look for another .
I Am a boy , so i know why .
I hope I helped but I do n't think i did , so sorry .
I want a decent girl this time around .
I have seen people that are great friends with their ex 's not so in my case .
Guys are the ones alot of the times that go astray before a woman does .
Well , to put it bluntly , BECAUSE WE  ARE GUYS .
Just do n't stay close to him or talk to him !
* Sigh * The best response to this is to not care if people think he is weird .
But i know that this guy better forget about this girl .
YOU cannot that was the wrong thing to do but you can hav me i am sexy
I think with codoms it 's realy very bad .
Wow i am sorry honey . that is a hell of a jamb your in .
As far as what friends think . who cares !
Because it makes us nervous as hell ! !
I guess it gave him power or he thought it did .
I do n't like BIG lips , but juicy fullll lips , hell yeah !
If he loves his father and is truly sorry he  would best apoligize fast !
That way it will not be a shock good luck
Which one do you c you havin a future with ?
Ok. american women can be trusted .
? HELLO , that 's a lie off top ! ! !
'makeing-out ' to me has always sounded so pointless , and dumb and lame !
Well yeah , and especially good with no sex !
I have to leave but I ca n't leave him like this .
Keep boinkin ' her , and keep your mouth shut .
But it is hard to choose which is rite for you .
Be it guys or gals if you like them they will like you .
What is going on and what should i do ?
I Am 13 and i am thinking the same thing .
Big guys can you protect you better and can cuddle better .
My god he is either gay or a prick , either way yesterdays news girl , get rid of him
Ask her on a date and see how it goes
Like , asks to come over to her place or take her to a nice restaurant .
If HE LIKES YOU : * He 's constantly staring at you .
If you like him , then yes .
I sugest that you work out all the important problems you and your wife are having besides sex .
People have this theory that guys and girls can never be just friends .
Inside he might like you to but you do n't know that until you talk to him ! ! !
So every time you see him , avoid him .
I see that your problem is hard !
It 's nice to know what people really think .
Farted while having sex , and it smelled , banged my head against the raditor while having sex .
That Is something for a doctor to talk to you about
He is not at all like the nicest guy ever because nice guys do not call women ugly names .
You can - Just do n't get caught .
Wow . if you  are asking , you have thought about it .
No . you do n't become a man until 31 .
If so . then ask yourself this one . What the crap was I thinking marrying a jerk like this ?
Enroll her in activities ( as YOU PAY FOR A GIM OR ART CLASS ) , maybe she will meet someone ! ! !
Not just two people all up ons .
Who cares how he feels about you you left his life .
Great takes the pressure off us
The stuff are not COOL , it 's BAD NEWS .
Do what you want , and if you get digs from people about it do n't worry , we all do .
Yes all girls say yes all the time they say yes
They all died in the war
Or it could be a macho thing
If not tell him to back off .
I think it is OK as long as he loves you if you are married atleast ! !
Send you are ID to Panama city
It gets real tough real fast .
I am a pro at this ! !
Very well said tizzy . For me there is no such thing as BEST TIME to have sex .
You do not she eather likes you or she does not .
Now I realize how wrong I was and I feel so sick for even saying such a thing .
Then her parents can not convince her that you are wrong for her when they are dropping her off .
If you 2 are friends , great .
Ya dear it isa bad idea .
You just know you cannot really explain it .
Ever thought about meeting in between for a new life ?
True love is when you get that special feeling inside when you are around him & # 92 ; her .
May all the way into aug
Are you asking if she  will get mad if you ask her to give away her gum ?
And his cousin said , I are not gone lie , He is , but he do n't love her .
Because , you have true feelings for him .
No , do n't get worked up over nothing ; )
Move on he is not worth you time .
I did not think about that when i was a freaked out guy .
YOU also get insight on how the other half lives .
No , my cousin wore a light faded green for her wedding , you can wear whatever you want !
You will get a call if she ask for your info instead of you just offering it .
As long as you love dem its okay but explain to dem so that they can understand you .
Its obvios that she has issues he may not trust her after this anyway .
If that was you are intetions then no .
Sprinkle rose petals all in the bath and put roses in vases in the bathroom .
Answer that and i  will date you !
If she has issues with it . let her ask the question here .
Just because it 's a guy does n't mean he is n't afraid to .
Love is too holy a feeling to be bad , be it for anybody
Good luck and always talk about things with your guy .
I ocassionally pay 25.00 English Pounds for a baby sitter .
I would think chocolates if he loves sweets
If you like him then i assume that is a good thing that you get that way .
Realize you are a queen & deserve to be treated like one !
I had a bf who said he watched porn so he would stay faithful . whatever .
Depends on the age of man .
When he is ( a ) Consios and awake ( b ) Listening to you ( c ) Not a gay
Go with the one you like best.Money does NOT matter .
Even while mast you are bating , guys stiffen up their bodies .
Talk 2 her or him and sneak with the answer and say i love you do you love me ?
If you do n't kick him to the curb .
I was wonderin because I had one but my parent threw it away should I wear a thong again ?
YOU have her e-mail . e-mail her ! !
First tell me why you want it that way .
Whatever you like . i just want the 2ps
My ADVICE DO NOT GET BACK WITH HIM MOVE ON AND FIND A MAN THAT YOU KNOW WILL RESPECT YOU .
Once a cheater always a cheater .
Lol I 'm gon na have to stop asking that !
With friends like that beleive me you do n't need enemies . just ignore her and get some new friends
Go 'head and like someone else !
We are both friends and i do n't know if he likes me back .
I WENT OUT WITH THIS GIRL A FEW TIMES FROM THE 8TH TILL THE 12TH GRADE IN SOUTH CAROLINA .
After she is back are you willing to marry her ? ? ?
! . they do hurt ya know if they , re big ! ! !
Talk with the guy not at him .
That is the exact same with me !
They cannot see what is right in front of them !
Why not go bowling after dinner or movies .
Wow , you def need to get out of there .
Girls love a smart guy , but not one that makes them feel dumb .
Some girls may think so but , there are always those people .
Id love 2 hear how it goes , you can email me if you want .
It then becomes easy to hook the ONE and tie your apron strings to him .
That depends on who you meet .
Hope you  are not having sex though .
Go to Tyra Banks TV show .
What does he ask about you ?
If she does n't want you to kiss her then do not .
They are a cheap great fun ride but one you never really get deep involved much less marry .
I hve been divorced for 5 years and i do not even want to hear his voice .
Lol , wat did you do 2 her ?
I thought it was wrong but i wan na know what you think .
She 's going to just dump you after you say yes she only wants you are boy friend so say NO !
Find out which sport he likes or team .
Keep telling you they wan na be more than friends but your not up to it ?
I think being rude , obnoxious , lying , cheating , etc . that makes a person ugly .
Divorce IS THE ONLY THING TO DO .
If not , then get a new girl freind .
So hurt the both of them a leave their @ $ $ E $ !
Use you are hands , use you are tongue .
I feel like I just ca n't trust woman !
Lol Seriously . you could just ask him .
But i have n't found the perfect one yet .
Start asking him if he still wants to get married .
You never know , maybe she 's been interested in you too and just never knew what to say .
When you married him he officially became yours and so did his kids .
I do not get why some people think that it is such a big deal .
If you could not do this together , you have no business getting married .
I am 15 and guys are like your hot , dude we should hook up .
Think twice to do such acts .
Then to add insult to injury you continue to dance with her in the club ? ! !
I talk to girls i like all the time .
Well if you like him , go 4 it ! ! !
As she pulls a knife on you for what you did with her best friend
Yeah , but its heartful to the people you  are in love with , if they find out
Not so sure if I believe that .
A few years down the road yoll whant to do one thing and he will fell it 's childish
Am seeing someone else this weekend lol
Not sayin that he does n't like you though .
Just delete it and go on with life .
Say fcuk you to both of them and just walk away .
Sweetheart I would have to say that 17 is really young to get married .
First off you need to have a serious talk with him .
You should think abouth the future
Do you ever catch her staring at you ?
2 things ; 1 - LISTEN to her !
And commiting aldutery is nothing to brag about .
If this love is your firt then you need to wait and see .
: ) So to sum up your answer- probably yes !
Have you tryed looking for a gay guy ?
You do not have to beg just send an i am and we will get bk with you
My advice , just do not open it , just send it straight to the trash bin .
Get a life and move on .
Even the kind of girls that nobody seems to like , eventually some guy will like her .
Or at the next dance ask him to dance .
Try INVITING HIM OVER TO YOUR HOUSE AND DOING VARIOUS ACTIVITYS THet YOU LIKE TO DO .
Not getting too many dates lately , huh ?
Be yourself , do n't pretend to be someone you are not .
Oh but let me give you some advice .
Keep IN MIND IMM THIRTEEN AND A BIG FLIRTER
I need advice on how to snag a good guy .
Does he watch his language , flirt with you , or suddenly become mature ?
I , again , do n't mention anything about my fee .
However it could be just a safety rope .
In the heat of the moment . I love JUICE then when she asks . you cuddle and say nothing . Works everytime .
I cannot seem to get it all toghether .
I think that just means that she like you .
How did you guys find your man ?
From the court or ask to you are father he give 's you a right answer
So why should they desver you ?
Not that he may be small .
If he does n't like it then atleast you tried
Aside from yanking the wanky , it 's called D-I-V-O-R-C-E ! ! !
Just satisfy him by having sex with him .
Plz do n't go looking for a bf just to not be alone .
With it being your first date it should not be you are choice .
Hello he is trying yo kill you dump him.Ethire hes mentaly ill or hes a very nasty person .
The UPS guy , your super , anyone !
Hurt THEM and soon before something happens
If you overdo it , it really will affect your sexual life
As long as you keep your cool .
Tell him something needs to change or you are n't meant to be together .
No . there is nothing wrong with it sweetie .
Get him some CD 's hes been wanting .
Now SINCE I HAVE GROWN UP THEY HAVE CHANGED A BIT.BUT THEY STILL FUSS OVER ME .
He is out only to find one thing , it is in your pants
It may do , but why sit around and wait ? !
Do Not be plastic or having any as if 's .
Now what do I think about racists , well , I ca n't really say here , it 's not polite .
First off Dave , I want to say that girls do like sweet guys .
* * if you want it i  will give you my email froggybz @ yahoo.com
Nothing is stoping you , go for it i never thought of public sex
If you want a divorce tell her .
I know it seems funny , , TARGET ! ! !
He wo n't get that promotion to buy you things later .
It 's sad when something like happens , but unfortunately , it ALWAYS happens at some point in ones life ! ! !
Not a date please something else ! ! ! ! !
So in answer to you question , yeah i guess it does matter to a certain extent !
Tell him you can not be with him if he is married .
Are you really shorter than him ? ?
First OF ALL MY FRIEND , forgive yourself , and do not do this again .
Get out there and mingle and do n't be afraid to set your standards .
My brother likes people like you
If it is just friends hold on to him tighter listen to him more .
Find a good man and marry him !
I do not know if she likes him .
Of course . if you like we could be friends
A girl who does not love you is n't worth loosing sleep over . Gud luck mate . : )
I have been married 20 years .
Depends on how much you know him .
If HE JUST WANTS TO BE FRIENDS : * He  will avoid those touchy subjects .
Just think about what I told you .
He makes me so happy and i feel real for once . wanted .
But do not wait for it to come you have to find it !
Why did you not let me know ?
If he is an as * hole then she should not have been dating him that long anyway .
Men are not pigs . all you girlz are dirty minded pigs .
If all else fails ill be your toy : - }
It depends on the reason you  are flirting . do ya really want him or are ya just teasing ?
Gosh , they just make me feel like ask Jeeves !
Just tell him that it are not gon na work .
Yes it does , you do not your man to smell or have hard time to get up .
Ddont run make others to Run !
If it is the same guy .
Just think about going by urself or with your cousin lol ! !
I really do not understand what some women think they need to enlarge her breasts .
Fool me twice , shame on me .
Diffinatly pick her up , It makes you look better .
Would you do him if hes black thinking your gon na get a big one ?
It sets you up for all sorts of problems .
First do n't do it if you have n't done it yet .
He even seemed heart broken when i let him go .
Just have fun and play it smart .
You get the car ride over to chat !
Yes but let see now , is it me ?
Do n't you want to like her a lot first , find her attractive first ?
Also , the first guy got it right .
If it bothers you ask him about it .
Strip club , they  will even be naked
A guy reving his engine at you as a way of hitting on you is a HUGE red flag !
Also mabey find her a guy .
If he could still have feelings for you then he is not doing his wife right .
Mail you do not want , mail filled with junk .
Hello , ID DOING NEW FRIENDS , CAN YOU SPEAK FOR ME ?
If she is taken but she still cares what is the best way to walk away
's and her answer read it all girl friend .
People want you to buy thier stuff.Put it in spam if you do n't want it to go to inbox
I mean i am right now lol hump hump
I AM IN THE SAME SITUATION AND IT 'S DRIVING ME CRAZY .
Just imagine it like you  would talk to anyone else .
I know surely she will be back .
Not a lot of pressure to kiss goodnight and that kind of thing .
Yeah i guess so , just do not embarrass us , or argue , but yes women are important
Age ai n't nothing but a # .
It depends on both so the answer is no , not always
Where and what will I be doing next year at this time ?
Try to make boy friends then you will never feel lonely
I never hated it for a min .
No , a lot of them want the compannionship too .
Run away from this guy fast .
Some do and some dount going to depend on alot of deferent factors
Get someone elses sylivia mixed in with yours ?
: ) no matter what people say , sizes matter .
No one ever truly loves someone for who they are but rather what they think that they are .
Yeh i am looking for anew love and anew frined .
But if you do not love her , REALLY LOVE HER , do her a favor and leave her alone .
Services scrool down unitl you see messenger or Yahoo !
He dotn love ypu at all . he just want you to be layed .
He has started to slow down on his partying and drinking but he is still scared to get married .
I have n't found a with me girl yet .
Think about what things really make you happy .
Just to see if i made the right choise
No , I do n't think you should be thinking about that .
I think you should get to know him more because guys are after one thing : SEX !
Be friendly to everyone . soon you will have many best friends
If my girl was dating another girl , yes . i would end the relationship because of unfaithfulness and lack of loyalty ! ! !
Whatever you do , DO NOT judge anyone by what you see in movies !
You SHOULD TELL HIM THAT YOU LIKE HIM BUT BE CAREFUL .
Everytime does n't have to be that special , but the first date definately should be !
Hard is spiting and the other is a slow glide out of the mouth
Could a normal conversation for you seem like flirting to the guys ?
But think of what will happen later .
So just think long and hard about it .
If he wo n't go to couple 's counseling go by yourself .
I only get that way when my boy friend talks naughty to me .
I think it means she likes you .
Well , when he asks you out again , just say you are going to think about it .
Hi I 'm not a guy but me and my bf often talk about the mae psyche .
So the prospect of so called new love scares the hell out of me !
Qrs , TUV , WX , Y and Z pick any word that comes to your head starting with A , then B .
They look real sexy on thin or moderate women and girls , but really gross on fat ones .
If he wants to suck your blood ?
But people like this DO exist !
Go to her , talk with her , make her a frnd then tell when she is in happy mood
Sorta like going to the shoe store , picking out a fine looking pair of shoes and taking them home .
Somebody who 's a skater i mean .
Yeah you want one but are you ready for one ?
Because some girls are smarter then other girls .
Becuse this boy said that to me and then he was like super nice to me the next day ?
Stop trying to ruin other peoples ' lives .
You might even ask her out then !
Believe youself and try to be your best !
You CA N'T solve someone else 's problem !
If HE KNOWS HOW TO PUT THEM TO WORK .
We are both really good friends we have dinner , watch movies and hang out on holidays .
Greyhound is pretty good at getting you places you need to go .
Or ask yourself is he still the man i married .
2. you have to learn what da gurl likez .
Just go up and talk to him .
Would you do that guy just because hes big ?
Think about them but do n't obsess .
Hope you get the answer you want .
You  are not serious and you  are still with him ?
I believe no , because he 's probably not over her .
Most men have pee hard ons .
On his vacation no phone calls either , not even on New Years Eve ? ?
People trying to get you to buy junk .
If she really wanted out and to pursue you she would get a divorse and start over .
Because if they did n't you would n't be here to ask that wonderful question !
About 6 months after I got married .
If he has not hurt you now he will in the future. ! !
And she does not want to be with him neither him .
So do not allow it anymore walk away
But if you are too embarassed to ask her .
But only if you know this girl already .
Sure , as long as she did n't have too much baggage .
Or is it just the men I find ?
Ask her and her younger sister out .
I like them both but i LOVe my bf .
Let this hard time to hide in the past .
No , you are a child yourself .
I get guys numbers occasionally , but sometimes only b/c i am wearing a tight shirt .
Why do guys cheat how do you get them to stop
Flirt back and see what he does .
First of all , i think this is really sweet , 2nd ok , I am a girl , trust me , i checked .
But she 's really pissed off at me and says she will not forgive me .
Then DO NOT DO THIS AGAIN !
YOU should be worrying about coloring books and Big Bird and Barney and that kind of stuff .
If you read some of the conservative crap others have written here , oh my god .
I like a girl very well .
Oh , someone named nobody was rude to you on yahoo answers ?
Do n't walk run and get away from this person he is nothing but bad news .
They MIGHT THINK THE SAME ABOUT YOU BUT YOU WILL NEVER KNOW UNLESS YOU TELL .
That means you will love him and NEVER divorce him .
If you do not then i do not know what to tell ya .
The girls are beautiful but are they trustworthy .
It 's stupid and obvious that she likes you are boyfriend .
Honey you are only 35 get out now ! ! !
Ask yourself if you really do love her .
Trust this , girlfriend : you 've got ta make him realize what he 's giving up by breaking up ; and that 's Y-O-YOU ! ! !
$ 5.00 an hour for each kid
Yeah it hurts our rep you know
Someone help because i love her .
Lol try match.com there is where i found my g/f from almost a year and counting now
But do not force it on her
Because I mind dancing with girls that are taller than me not shorter .
Yes as long as you all agree on it .in a relationship you all both trust each other
Well so far did not seem to me that he cared about how you feel at all .
What do you need to do ?
There is no excuse for this .
I EVENTUALLY HOOKED BACK UP WIT HER ABOUT TWO WEEKS LATER .
Means that she is not straight-to-the-point type of person .
Pick her up , IT 's WAY more romantic
Maybe you should ask one of her close friends .
Actions speak louder than words . or so they say !
And i do n't see it as anything to worry about at all .
Or a guy already in my car ?
I am not mulim but have had muslim girls all my life till today
Kids put a lot on having a boyfriend or girlfriend .
Call her and tell her what happened , or tell your man
You take away a guys self worth if you do that .
Now , you need to get urself married and make him you are best friend .
Dat jus crosses da line . my otha frined said o , so hes still breathin ?
You need to make a decision . and if he really cares about you , He should to !
If you are both ole enough , and mature enough , then I say , Why Not ?
Actually . if any woman teases you about a kiss . I mean , if she plays games with you , drop her too .
I do n't believe it is true with all people .
She BROKE UP WIT ME AND TRIED TO GET BACK WIT ME AN HOUR OR TWO LATER .
Some people say i cannot wait for the first night . my wedding night .
Take her hand in yours and have her teach what she likes .
Just walk up to her be your self and be confident i am sure it will work
I do not even have her number yet !
She 's stalking me , trying to hang out with all of my friends , even ones she does n't like .
You should expect the best of yourself .
This sounds you are a good friend for her .
If you do not connect on this level then there is is no chance of a long relationship !
But make the move first , especially if he does not know you ! ! ! !
I would never force or drag someone to do somethink their not comfortable with its just not right ! !
But you have to be ready for THE ANSWER ! .
) , and have taken care of many sick men and women .
I just need an opinion i guess .
I hardly everrr see him in school either usually i see hima t my brothers basketball games .
If it 's your first kiss , it 's gon na be hell of aqward but .
Anyways . yeah , it 's probably likely that he  will break up with you if you do have sex with him .
Alot of brides walk themselves anymore . Heck I even saw one girl get walked by their momma down the isle !
Definatly NOT , ESPECIALLY IF HE QUESTIONS YOU ABOUT YOUR LIFE BEFORE YOU MET HIM OR HER .
Not the time or place buddy
Ca n't say I have n't used it .
Or if he confessed to you ?
Start talking then smile and look cute but not to seductive at first .
Hard core is thugish like bad boy type and soft core is more sweet and carin
Not sure if I am one .
You are only 17. things change .
No THAT IS THE RUDEST THING I HAVE EVER HEARD ! ! ! ! !
And how old were you when you got your first kiss.give details
Anyway , the truth always comes out . so i guess it is pointless
Its kind of gay but , hmmmm i do not know
You should n't tell your friend about it .
Good luck to you . got a sister ? !
I have no idea because i have never done something like that .
Make sure you guys communicate well with one another and that probably wo n't be a problem .
If you love her , then talk with her .
I told her after the second date .
Either he will tell you or he would act different but a good differnt
Its human race - some people are bad , some are good .
Even if we do n't mean there is a lack of trust . it comes across that way .
Plus , its just more fun that way .
But what would be your biggest pet peeve ?
Such as my breasts , my back , legs , butt , p * * * * , c * * * , etc .
Then ; my hands go down and pull her against me to let her know that .
Smile , be yourself , go up and talk 2 her
I doubt you would stand that for one week : p
Ok , but what is alot of money to you ?
I am being dead seriuos , make him breafast lunch and dinner .
Maybe that is why she wanted a break .
( i know this is easier said then done , but you have to give it a try ) good luck ! !
Yep I Am almost 22 ( I dare you to send me an email pabsicool @ yahoo.com Hey r you hot ?
According to what he wants . people will be happy if people got what it wants .
Not even for her two kids .
Make sure you read her ?
YOU should at least tell her how you feel .
When i gave birth to my child i pissed .
Ask him if he has an i am .
Yes you are beautiful EMAIL ME BACK PLEASE ! ! !
And many of us are singles
I do n't want a relationship , I just want a good friend with benefits .
YOU r young just enyoy you are life
But then again you would n't be asking the question if .
That 's right- happily married , after all !
That way you can flirt and sneakily find out if they like your or not .
Damm never heard of a woman getting nothing before .
They say that kids bounce back and adjust . but they really do n't .
So just be like hey you want to go and get something to drink .
Everyone 's right do n't kiss her take it slow
Invite lots of friends , and the guy you like .
Try to be yourself and be casual .
YOU smile unreasonably and you think about them all the time .
And they tell us women that we are the weak ones !
You guys just might get together .
Its not the size that matters its how you use it
I do n't love animals . I do n't own any and do n't want to .
He gets mad if I were to mention a guy as my friend .
Sorry but i rily cannot understans wat you are trying to say can you say it more clearer .
She ` ll eventually give it back but not after I nag and nag her .
Plain and simple move on cheavaen d columbus oh
She 's in her late 50 's and they are still in love .
Call up one friend then go out with the other .
To ME LOVE IS A 4 LETTER WORD WITH NO MEANING
It is what you make it .
Depends , is it johnny depp or is it howard stern ? ? ?
Do you know who she is have you talk to her do you know anything about at all .
I  would probably suggest getting rid of him if he keeps on asking .
Lust is a doorway to love . lust is a part not a necessity
That way she knows what your expectations are .
I mean wot do people mean wen they say she is not girlfriend material ?
Yes , one of them has to be gay of couse .
= ) Oh yeah , and her ankle 's fine now .
When you start to feel . even 1 yr old baby have already feelings .
That Is like sayin why cannot we walk around naked .
What kind of girl ? Gay girl or real girl ?
Hmm . ok when am i going to get a gf
The girl ask you to be her boyfriend always be with me
Just tell him you like him and give him something you think he  will like .
Well Depends Some like Them Large Some Like Them Small But It Shouldent Matter .
60 miles is n't that far apart and there is always a bus .
Just chill for a minute and read emails if you have to
Things had been going great until recently .
Yup . most guys do it , not all , but most .
I do n't does he make you laugh ? ? ?
I can honestly say that at one time in my life , I dated Minnie Mouse .
Try it you will get a response
They seem pretty easy to read to me LOL
? who knows if you starting to like her
Its not the men its the women
I Am sorry i cannot but try hard maybe you will find one like me
If you are sure you love him .
But that 's not love when you cheat .
I think it is time to move on do n't you have enough foot prints on you yet ?
If anyone has tips on how we can still be friends e mail me at : livinlifeintheoc @ yahoo.com
Ii ) they were confused or curious and explore a gay relationship , which is as well ok with me .
I really do not know , i never had that problem and i do n't want to be in that situation .
Because what is in it for a guy that he does n't get without being married .
Do n't talk about stuff you do n't know .
Pass up on him and find a more deserving guy !
But i do not know how to tell her that i like her
You are a good daughter and you deserve a hug
But i married her because of who she is and how she was .
What I do is accept whatever pay they give me .
On the surface it is wronge to mess whith enyone married at all .
I 'm a girl so i 'm gon na tell you straight out .
Well id be really really mad for one .
Or , we could just be friends .
People actually meet from online and get married ? ?
But i am thirteen so what do i know .
Also you got to be in a city with lots of gay guys .
Get him an outfit or cologne .
If you were in front of me , i would know .
I think you should a con is racist jokes a pro is a new expirience
Then talk to him on there .
I think you need to wait for her to do something .
Ok , do you wan na have 2 wifes per say .
The thing is there is still a lot of life i  would like to live .
Well i am from New York , not venus
No , YOU can not controll who you fall in love with .
.i do not know . good luck to you chick
Your sex life could be better ?
Of course because i should know its hard 2 chosse which one i really like but it is possibal
Whta kind of of person would do that .
Alone and miserable - that way you do not have to put up with anyone elses crap .
How do you know he wo n't cheat on you ?
Yes it is wrong if he is married he never really liked you
Guys want good looks , brains , and a popular babeFrom my point ) but just be yourself
I look back at my old boyfriends and think what was I thinking .
I admit i am an overachiever at times , but i am still fun to hang out with .
When i am comfortable around her and be myself and it is holiday ecveryday : )
It finally got down to which black guy is bigger .
I hope i 've helped a little .
Just be yourself . and it will all work out .
And as far as the bedsheet I have no idea ! !
Because it works . hahahahhaha sorry that was funny .
Not if I had any self pride .
And there is someone for you 2 but you are time did not comeup yet so be pationt .
Guys love a girl with their own touch and a sense of humor
Do Not date say you r all mine & see she will be on you are penis
Just b/c a nose is big does n't make a person ugly !
YOU never know wat  will happen 'til you try ! ! !
Totally normal for guys , nothing to worry about .
I we have a 19 yr old son .
All my friends say no but i really do want him back .
If i call her she is always willing to hang out and let me sleep in the same bed .
That 's the problem with you guys , you start too soon .
So she wants to get married , what about you ?
That would be impossible for me . i really do n't know , sorry .
If you carry enourmous debt or have really bad credit , then you shoud share this info .
Woot has it right . going out is great once in a while .
Not if you want to really enjoy it .
It is as Complicated as you want it to be ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Yes lots of dem more den you no
( when you find him , ask him if he has a brother , i 'm looking for my love too )
She 's usually the one trying to get me into bed .
I know it are not much help but like i said that is a tight spot .
I know it 's bad but , I 'm trying !
Just because I was n't pleased did n't mean that guys ' new wife is n't ! !
Again this poor english . whaaaaaat are you saying ? ? ? ? ?
He/she does not deserve to be pittied , he/she is strong enough to go on with his/her life .
But you need a family without the raping and the prostitution !
So that the world will go on . ( and it feels good too !
But before 21 is really pushing a lot , the teenager girls are just too childish !
Sure why not just send me you email and I get back at ya .
Know your strenths , Know who you are and what you want .
YOU have to know a dirty cop or dirty gov worker man that how i do it
Keep loving this one , love conquers all !
The size will do all the work . otherwise it 's all about the skills . guys need to learn that .
Tell jokes , laugh at what they are saying ( only if its actually funny ) .
I do n't think i have a chance , help please ?
My sister had one , and the guy turned out to be bad , very bad .
Yeah , its ok to date the guy .
Anyway he says that men just think of sex .
Xbox all the way or of course his playtoys !
My bf feet are size 14 : ) You  are 13 ?
Maybe you just are meeting the wrong ones .
( Childish , if you ask me , because I 'm very happy ) .
It depends , where will you pick him up ?
She WENT TO A SCHOOL IN S.C. AND I WENT TO GA FOR SCHOOL .
Give me your e-mail address and i will e-mail you .
1- I find the guy attractive .
Love is just a feeling that some times hurt and some times mkes you happy .
Easy man . if she really loves you , as seems you do . just wait & let her get back to you .
Stop looking so hard , love finds you when you least exspect it .
That should get your courage up .
Too big are to wierd but too little are weird cuz you ca n't feel anything
First , you need to figure out which is which .
I wan na know . by Joe , just listen to the song
What a beautiful thing that would be !
Did things end good or with pain and problems ?
Just listen to him , trust him , love him .
Because if a girl cannot accept you for yourself that is on her .
Do n't look . I believe your soul mate is pre-destined .
Try and reach him and see what is going on .
Be confident , there is nothing sexier !
Holla at me my name is my yahoo id
Eventually , the guy will not get an answer from you and will not like you anymore .
And do n't feel bad , its not a good reason either .
So why have a boyfriend at . 9 ?
So reap it , and all i can say is you will see .
Eye contact ( if he likes that ) ask him
But after you get married and are together for a while then it goes .
I think you are over analizing things .
If he  would cheat on his wife , he  would cheat on you too . eventually .
I likve in california and he lives in canada .
Thanks to anyone who responds to this .
She has gone beyond B * * ch into the C word ! !
Hopelessly in love or in lust ?
Then leave , be mysterious that way .
Tell him what you just told us , then do n't get too heavy on him .
And a mate needs to bring happiness to you are life - -not drama !
That Is why when ever someone ask about my income etc .
Now he does not return my calls , my emails , nothing .
When you were gay did you enjoy your relationship ?
Try yahoo 360. you can join some groups .
Maybe ask her to start over and go one another date .
She is the love of my life .
You smile get it over with ! ! ! ! ! !
This girl comes to my gym .
That girl that told your ex that , is a psycho .
Do n't ask to any body just see her eyes deeply you will know it
Just say it , do not bs or anything just spit it out .
Umm you can find that anywhere .
Knowing WHAT YOU WANT WILL HELP YOU TO BE IN THE BEST FRAME OF MIND .
The FASTER YOU START A NEW LOVING RELATIONSHIP THE HAPPIER YOU WILL BE .
Just tell her it wut id do
They like 2 B treated just like a baby
And oh us women love that .
Hmmm . who do you think is the beast ?
That is the same problem i have .
I think that it shows that they have a sweet side .
Haha . gosh , sounds like something most girls do if they have a grudge on someone .
Now he wants me back and i do feel that i love him .
All his friends told me he liked me .
Your boyfriend may be stupid but not all guys are stupid .
When i got him back i realized he was an idiot with a picture of my boobs .
And that what it sounds like .
So we are good friends now .
There is an old saying that goes , Fool me once , shame on you .
Try to flirt wih her and move along .
Hey I feel you that happen to me like 1 month ago .
Do n't call her house any more .
We GRADUATED AND I MOVED TO TEXAS FOR THE SUMMER .
I am a brunnett , and i know i have alot of fun .
Hahahaha n i am wit her on dat !
I have one in my freezer but unfortunalty it does not have a phone # or web site listed .
What does love have to do with it !
's and his answer and his ?
Honestly , I kind of do . Well I do n't but they inspire me to do it or not to do it .
Just get her to chill out .
You and YOUR BF SHOULD NOT ACT on it .
If a guy likes you , he will try to spend most of the time with you
I always wanted the bad boys .
I 'm clean , white , straight , in shape , and it 's all for nothing right now .
And if she does not , you have to let her go .
I did it twice in my life and I do n't regret it .
No , i just look at her eyes and give her a smooth hug , then she got what i mean
Is n't that cute he leave his socks all over the floor .
If you already told him no and he keeps on asking , that 's probably all that he cares about .
But it is nice to spread it around .
Then maybe ask them how thier day is going .
Go ahead and walk her down the aisle .
If you do not think your all that than they will not .
No not really not all the time will some one marry a virgin
At first i would freaken freak out but i guess i would say do whatever makes you happy .
That if you really fell like that your soulmate .
Slap you silly . and then ask you if that is what you really wanted to tell mum and dad !
Did he said that he likes you ? ?
He loves me very much and my kids .
I KNOW God has a sense of humor .
You do n't need to be someone is second ever !
You really should have a boyfriend .
He 's a peter puffer for life .
I am agree with cracacola 85
If he avoids answering or brushes you off , then tell him you have a problem with this .
Tell me then . but I do n't need a physic thanks !
You are not that far from your amore !
Depends on the induvidual , but . yes .
People really do stupid things for love !
I guess that some people are just not open minded .
If you are not a shy one and able to start a conversation .
And I talk to her mom too .
And their always on your mind .
If ya , wait until the next dance and go ahead an ask him .
Honey , if he cheats w/ you , he  will cheat on you .
Wait another year so you guys wouldn ; t get in trouble .
Men lie about things that do not really matter ?
Just make sure to cup the balls .
And maybe blame what you said to him before on being drunk .
Since boys have too much testosterone ( sex hormone ) , they prefer more physical contact .
Maybe he would ask for a dinner date or something
Just try to keep it respectable with the babie mom unless she gets unruly .
And that 's when you need to put a stop on it .
Depends on what kind of lady you want
But make sure it 's love not lust .
You have to be there ( SOMEWHERE ! )
Has he been doing anything different sexually ?
She might not know if she is actually in love but she will know in the end of the relationship .
If I do n't call she will not call me
Does she like hanging around you ?
And when this happens kick his butt to the curb b/c once a cheater always a cheater .
Finding a girl to talk to on Yahoo is like pulling teeth man .
When you pass him in the hall say hi ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
How bout just saying . Goodbye . Good Luck . turn around and walk away .
Fool me twice , shame on me ?
Sometimes you do n't think of them at all but that does n't make you forget .
I think its fine if you love them then the race does not matter
YOU know what you can get over him and find somethin NEW ! ! !
Oh , and GOOD LUCK FINDING ONE !
What you mean like on Gladiators with the giant Q-tips ? ! !
If you have that then just wait till the time is right .
( and you need to quit boffing your friends ' old ' ladies ! )
90 % he like you . and want 2 tell you ?
Otherwise , I do n't see what 's wrong with 4 1/2 feet .
How did you feel when you both broke up ?
Am I going to be rich ? ?
And do n't have sex till you marry a guy ! !
All he can say is yes or no ! !
Why do n't you ask a hippo ?
Good Luck & do n't give up !
Do n't feel bad , I 'm 15 yrs .
Share with him what he loves , sports , food , intersts , .
Hurting some1 emotionally is the worst thing you can do !
Then we had a falling out and it really hurts because i ca n't have him anymore .
There is only one way to deal with temptation , do n't put yourself in situations where there is temptation .
( Yes I know many kids like this ) Anyone else see my point ?
And what are you teaching your kids ?
Ok i like this girl since the ninth grade .
There is an old saying it is better to be safe than sorry ?
If NOT why , If Yes why ?
13 years and 2 kids later he still does .
Some guys date like shopping for a car .
Only if you leave the Twinkies alone .
When you get the chance and when you are ready , ask her out .
Yeah that is 3 guys but yeah just be yourself !
Thigh highs for more reasons than could possibly be named here
Czz boys are boys there like that
If you are having trouble coming up with things to say just be like how it goin .
But do not feel sorry , i have another one on my way .
Walk away - your yourself , for his kids , for your kid .
What do boyz do when they fool around ?
Yes if sex is all you want no if you want more than sex
Do n't say anything just keep reading in do time you will find something .
You will be ok. so smile .
If not you then have your answer .
I never thought size mattered until I dated someone without size at all .
Then you can see him again and talk to him very easily .
I think big noses are sexy ; )
Not nessesarly the way they look but simpler outlooks in life and furture .
Thigh high is sexy regular is blah
Hm . ask her . seriously , that 's the only way to know .
You really will hav fun studying !
Love is trust . w/o it . alot of unhappy things will happwen . keep in contact . tell him that you trust him . in his face .
If you did you would n't ask this question and you would n't care what anyone thinks !
Either : 1 ) He 's insecure 2 ) You  are cold 3 ) Both of you perceives the other this way .
And yes , guys think they are very sexy .
Then one girl said that one guy had a 9 inch and was bigger than the other .
Normal guys rarely apporach and take a chance from a girl unless they are instinctly safe .
In other words shut up and do not talk about it .
If you too like her , then you should be happy that she calls you honey .
Your self-respect/esteem is too great a price ! ! !
We just were n't meant to be .
I mean for sure for sure in love !
I 'm pretty i just ca n't flirt .
We WOULD ARGUE OVER STUPID STUFF AND STUFF OF IMPORTANCE .
Dats jus nasty n slutty . o n did i mention nasty ?
I have no clue what you just asked .
Cuz people r ass holes and do not understand you !
I know about love because i love a girl but i do not know what is love ?
Revenge probaby wo n't work , but ignoring him will .
My guess is yes he does - how long you 2 been together ? ?
Guys have always had the burden of asking women out .
Well hiding something does not make it cheating .
You  will never know , people could change you know
It 's not that they ca n't they just choose not too .
If you have to even ask then you must be small ! ! ! ! !
Give him a call to chat .
Converseley , I 've come across an awful lot of my own kind that do n't .
Talk to him to much and smile to him all the time when you meet you good luck
If a guy really likes you he should ask you out .
YOU do n't need advice you need 2 break up !
I 'm not looking for a love interest just basically a woman to hang out with and maybe other things !
Depends on what guy he is .
Because people always reach that point where they think they are going to get married and then have sex .
She might just be mad because you got him and she does n't want to share her kids .
She Is PRETTY AND POPULAR AND I AM NOT SO POPULAR
No you certainly can do the walking at her request
Buti do not know how to find a good guy !
I want to marry a blond with blue eyes and have little blond haird blue eyed babies .
My daughter is 16 and her finacee is 18 .
Do n't put your self in turmoil and remeber the end is only the begining .
You do n't have to do anything !
Yeah it means he loves you but not in a pervert way in a cute way .
Cuz you do not if you found it and you cannot define it
We will have to watch the show Cheaters for that episode . it 's gon na be hot ! !
To you are pchycologist - How can you trust someone when they think you  are mad
Did Not you already ask this because i remember answering
I am divorced once ( picked the wrong guy , that 's a shock , huh ? ! )
I have been myself lately and like 3 guys like me !
Will they b able to suppor you and kids and help pay bills ?
She VISITED DURING THAT TIME AND THEN WE WENT TO COLLEGE .
Do Not cheat or be the other woman it will turn around and kick you in your ass .
Even when you are 16 you are not looking at them as if they are the marring type .
That way you can convince them you are the guy for their little girl .
Face it , kids cost money - LOTS of money .
Read the Book Smart Love by Dr. Phil get it at a Library for free = )
* He comes out and says it .
I do n't know what to do ?
Just be yourself do not try and be someone your not and hopefully everything goes good 4 you
If you expect to do good in college .
Nope , I practice abstintence ( or however you spell it )
I hope my information did some good for you !
Dishonesty which leads to infidelity and so on and so forth .
If you have a question or need advice ask me and ill tell you you are future !
I belive I get more from relationships with people who are like me .
I Am a guy i would n't kno
It  will get better as time goes by .
Be nice and polite and ask him out .
Go and have yourself some fun .
Tell her you do n't want to marry this guy and to stop calling him up .
My girlfriend met her husband at a biker party
I want a girl who loves me the same way I love her .
Well i guess all you have to do is be yourself !
And if your like me the pro will be that you do not care what other people think .
I would n't date either the ugly guy , or the hott guy .
I have to answer this one !
Oh And Also Its Good To Not Have A Criminal Record Lol .
Because that is what kids do to you .
In THE 12TH GRADE , SHE PROPOSED TO ME AND I ACCEPTED .
Sincerity WILL WIN YOU THE HAND OF ANY WOMAN AS LONG AS YOU HAVE PATIENCE AND ALWAYS B URSELF .
Is n't it the other way around ? .
The guy always seems he wants to ask me something but he never does .
I do its something most guys cannot do with out .
Especially those sold at hot topics .
Well , you know women say that all the good men are either taken or gay .
Well either way is a sign that he might be interested .
Tell her that is she is pretty without being a perv about it .
So you do n't get that scared .
And by the way . thanks for liking the thick chix .
And make it meals you knwo that he likes .
Jus ' ask her where she is an ' there go unless you r some creepy stalker guy !
Yes , if some men are pigs then there are some bit * * * * out there too .
If you got it flaunt it , but have the personality and attitude to back it up girl !
If not , then remember- There is always other fish in the sea , , , do n't give up-one will bite .
Try just making small talk first and smile a lot !
It 's how you use your penis . the size is just a bonus . : )
Give love taps later on when you are comfortable okay .
I fhe is good looking , what 's the difference if he has hearing aids ?
I am 14 . it happened to me , i could happen to you
You need to leave her alone , trust me , your 14 !
Not know how and when i am going to die
You really just know when you know .
You do what you wan na do .
Yes you will do n't worry you are too young right now anyways
You cannot do that with children for gods sake !
Since you already know he is a cheater ( you told you ) why catch him ?
But w/ my advice if she is sane you will not need it .
Your thinking of confused not , mysterios , its from trying to figure out woman
Good luck . it 's a tough row to hoe .
And , if so , why  would you marry him ?
Id say wait , but if you love him then go for it .
Bitch you sick as hell , that is not da way of the Lord. ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Losing you virginity is to me seems like a big let down .
I THINK IF YOU TELL THEM YOU KNOW COULD SCREW UP THE FRIENDSHIP IF YOU DO N'T IT COULD ALSO .
Ask yourself am i still the woman my husband married .
Maybe they were brought up not to talk with their mouths full
You use that opening on your head that makes words come out .
Does n't knock my friends , parents , siblings .
I would not worry about it much myself .
Once a cheater ALWAYS A CHEATER ! !
As all siblings do i am sure teasing would have to go on .
Why does he want you back ?
Start with Smart Love By Dr phil
You are pathetic show some pride
Trying to breakup a marriage is not a good thing .
Ask to your father and mother , they will show you an example
I never did that ever and never will , that is wrong , some guys will and some guys will not .
Its a matter of making the move to get things fix .
I hear similar things from him .
I guess you wear hearing aids , I bet you are beautiful and think that that matters .
I Am probly way 2 young 4 you , but i hope you find someone .
Anyone have any idea what sites i can go to to get something extra special .
Because I am not Mr. GQ .
If you do not see his reflection you better run .
If he truly liked you , height would not matter !
We are friends but i really want to go out with her !
If she does n't , then you need to MOVE ON .
First off go to college so you can make your own money !
Maybe you just have a problem .
If I were you I would not worry about the place as much as the person I was with .
Bz if you really luved him den you sud b happy to b wid him no matter wat happenes .
My family . they  are the love of my life . so , my love story revolves around them .
It also depends if he is really cute .
I have one right now and it 's taking me forever to get rid of it .
Here 'S A THOUGHT LET 'S BOTH TELL THEM AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS .
- nothing against the guy , though !
Not pretend to be someone else whom you  are not !
He wants to see , or likes .
First , why are n't you having sex ?
If YOU HAVE TO TAKE A CLOSE FRIEND WITH YOU FOR BACK BONE .
.i suppose , r these 2ppl you have never had relations with ?
No IT 'S Stupid to do that .
If he gets defensive then maybe you need to worry .
Grab THE HIGH HEELS , PUT THE FACE ON AND TAKE THAT SEXXY DRESS FORM THE CLOSET AND GO .
( atleast for this full lipped gal )
Umm i want to know i f ill have a bf this year and withh who ?
Let them know what happenes k Tiger
Omg . are you seriously asking this question ?
Do Not ciber-date , do not be a geek !
Do Not pressure her , let her come to you .
Yes I GO IN THE CHRISTIAN CHAT ROOMS BUT YOU STILL HAVE TO WATCH IT IN THOSE CHAT ROOMS
Alot its been unbarable w/o him .
It varries from place to place
And you should go out and have fun .
But remember if she comes the winner is not you. both of you .
If you like a guy . date him .
Maybe you have n't had any in awhile.Maybe you have wet dreams or maybe you  are just a freak .
Yes , I really am the best looking guy in the world !
And not need to rely on the guy . second they say love conquers all ?
It is one of the best things to do !
Do you really want to go for a girl who only wants a sexual relationship with you ?
Get over him and find someone new .
I am so hurt and confused by this .
Yes but they not speak very well english
Take you fishing far off shore
Last time he did not say any of that .
You are the one that seemed hesitant about being with him then .
It should be both of yours .
Do not try to mention you are talents or abilities , sacrifice etc .
Her name is jeanne owens thank you
If you  are not that type of person do n't try it , it wo n't do you any good .
Does he only come out at night or something ?
Would you like to know that you are wife is in love with someone else ? i 'm sure you would n't appreciate .
Paranoia thinking you are the only sain one in the world ( but i really am )
Just remeber guys get intimidated real easy .
It can be ( some times ) actualy some very little times !
You guys must be really close for her to ask this of you .
Maybe your boyfriend is one of them , but it does n't really sound like it .
You SHOULD DEF GET RID OF THAT A S S HOLE ! ! !
Secret or no secret.you hav to let it out.it 's never too soon to be in love !
Say Yo wut d ' YOU think about alligators as the ultimate survivors of the dinosaur ages dude ?
Maybe if you offered to let me date Johnny Depp then I  would be HAPPY ! ! ! ! !
Love is not hard to find you just are looking to hard .
I do n't know if this guy likes me .
This sounds like my youngest uncle .
Yea i am 16 and i am catholic
We will lead it they way we want to .
Find out why you are mom does n't like her and fix it make her like you are girl
He just needs to get his head on straight .
Start by going to places that you enjoy .
Find yourself a good girl not a piece of s * * t .
Since you say he 's so nice , wat is there 4 you 2 worry about ? ?
Other than bangkok , never go there in september .
Iasked my wife to marrie me only after 3 days .
If she does n't care whatever you say , then leave her alone .
YOU have not done anything wrong .
She is already married to Jesse James ( Monster Garage )
Never , ever mess with a married man .
Depends on what type of guys you like .
It only becomes a sin when you make fun of it .
Makes you sound a bit trashy .
Usually I 'm very advertrous but no not 4 1/2 ft especially when I 'm 6 ft
If she ca n't forgive him , then it 's over .
Anyone who wo n't even say hi is n't worth your time , anyway .
The one beside the little finger .
Or maybe putt putt something fun and inexpensive
That is just not what we do .
Once you have that question answered , then you probably already knew what to do first .
Does he not want to marry me afterall ?
If you are friends you probably will not have much trouble asking her out .
Why do they act like pigs to you ?
Feb 15 , payday and able to buy stuff for my valentine !
Twice . anyone can make a mistake once
If hes with a new gf you do not need him .
But I AM THINKING OF GIVING HER ANOTHER CHANCE.SHOULD I AFTER ALL THE PAIN FROM HER ?
After reading details , i would be suspecious .
But Then again Its Guys Lol .
18 , if its a serious relationship
Flirt with him . watch his response and you can make out .
He is a jerk to ask you anything like that ! ! ! ! !
Well IF YOU LIKE HER ALOT AND YOU ARE DYING FOR HER YOU SHOULD ASK HER OUT .
All guys are not pigs , just the ones that go oink .
Get a life and make some friends .
Why do you still talk to her ?
I like doing that stuff ( having sex )
Well . maybe if you count when my mom was still calling me her baby when I was 16 .
If all he cares about is sex and not you then he is n't worth being with at all .
Make my voice louder so that he will not't use his hearing aids anymore . duh ?
Up to you how you think about others .
Thanks , I needed that . really , I did .
I think it 's dangerous that this guy even wants to be friends with you .
The bigger the man . the bigger the baby .
Just tell him how much you love him , but do n't smother the guy .
Which would you choose and why ?
Tale the time to actually talk about it .
I would say-yes-if you both agree , what 's the prolem ?
I 'm only 18. i love him and i think i 'm ready but i just need a little advice .
No she is sleeping with your neighbor
During the 13 years i have been active only 4= )
Do n't ever try to decieve your mate .
Definately call him or email him make it sound casual ya know .
You SHOULD N'T HAVE TO CHANGE YOURSELF TO MAKE HIM FALL BACK IN LOVE WITH YOU .
It helps alot to have a medeator . Good Luck , that is a tough one .
Then just kind of slip some words in a casual converstaion ok
When it hurts to look back & you are to scared to look , ahead , look beside you & i  will be there .
Pick her up she  will think its cute and probably kiss you ! !
You have the right to walk away .
You really do not have anything to lose
Will try to be your self try it you will like it .
Ok my ex girlfriend broke up with me and she said she wants to get back with me .
13-24 , then at about 25 , you should get married to someone .
It showed me that he really cared about ME .
YOU do not get over it . you move on .
I got a question : when was the last time that he said i love you ?
He just do not know how to use it .
O man that su ( ks so majorily .
Every lead that i have persued has become a dead end .
Let 's be honest he probably wo n't .
Not in florida but still need friends
Many men who do this know that they do not they just do not tell the female .
Watch the woman the who have all the guys attention and watch how she moves
Sometimes they do n't know what to say .
Well i love to be touched everywhere .
Now FAST FORWARDING TO THIS CHRISTMAS BREAK .
Usually big feet mean big dick .
It may be different for you though .
Do you see what I mean ?
Sure , it 's ok , if she 's interested .
Suggest me some ways to ask her out ?
Does a kiss on the cheek count as a first kiss ?
I going to a dance over the week end and i want to ask him to go with me .
YOU deserve better . find you a guy that really likes YOU ! !
I do n't really think about it at all .
And i believe what it says .
Beat the liven shit out of them
Well , dat depends . if you all hav a really gud relationship worth jepordizin or not !
The next night I babysit the Doe 's .
If so it could get kind of strange
The age-old question : do something fun , or something for the long-term ?
Is it anything i can do to know better a girl ?
So you  are afraid to ask him out .
Hahaha i think it supposed to be Psychic ?
You said my guy is not interested in making alot of money .
Also which one loves you back ?
Go to college and get a great career then .
Email me at clairebaire5590 @ yahoo.com plus i am a cheerleader
A teddy bear that say I love YOU
Unless i 'm attracted to him why should i care ?
He probably does n't call you much because you two are together .
So good luck with that , and hopefully she  will understand : o )
I would guess either too slutty or too much work
You Are not so limited when picking a friend or a lover .
Unless you have kids but you did n't give tht info
At 17 you  are still vulnerable , & still got a lot to learn .
Ignore it or break up with this person
If the guy is clingy and insecure then almost no matter what you do you  are hosed .
You are way too young to be worrying about this guy or any other .
I , ve always heard that but i do not beleive that is the case all the time
Look clean too , you can be scruffy , but be clean scruffy
# 2 I still sorta love him .
How could you jepordize your relationship with your best friend ?
I ca n't get her hurt look off my mind , I keep seeing it over and over in my mind .
I think 6 years already too long , what 's so special him ?
You cannot go on like this .
Like I said , just tell her you say stupid things when you  are nervous or something .
Ya so he always talks about this girl that he likes but will never talk to her !
I went to prom bymyself . trust me some things are better with another person .
You do n't have to break it off .
It is totally diferent with this girl .
Picking her up seems like the best choice .
It probably seems that way because that 's what people see on the internet and on tv and in movies .
How do you ask a girl tHAT YOU 'VE KNOWN FOR MANY YEARS OUT ?
You defineatly need to wait till you know the time is right
Do you like your friend better or your ex better ?
I do not LIKE BEiNG CALLEd THAT EVERYDAY ESCPICALLY AROUND OTHERS .
YOU may know that she 's loving you by gestures .
But first I have to ask how much you know about this lady ?
I mean if hes your bf then where ever he chooses should be good enough .
Haha you sure have a wild imagination , huh ?
All normal guys want is a quickie .
Remember , guys use love to get sex , girls use sex to get love .
Good luck , I just dealt with this problem myself .
I like love this person but i did n't tell my parents yet so i do n't know what to do .
I do not know , that is a good question
In life things does n't always go our way .
Send me a signal dude , this is YOUR happ ; iness .
Really i do not like BIG lips but that have to juicey and look kissable .
I am just curious cuz i think i have found mine .
But choose wisely & you will find a nice 1 .
It is just that she has breast .
I really think it depends on the person !
Girls can look even more stupid most of the time .
I Have waited all my life , and i am truely happy .
I Am not usually like this with other girls though .
Let him find out about the stripper part on his own .
Just BE YOURSELF BUT MAKE HIM SEE WHAT HE IS MISSING .
I AM THE YOUNGEST CHILD IN OUR FAMILY .
I have been in love with another man for the last 9 years .
I could not handle seeing him w/ another .
I 'm like 5 ' 2 , and the guy I like is like 6 ' 3 , maybe taller .
Do you really want to kiss someone who does n't want to kiss you .
Could be you just want out .
There many who believe in the stuff .
And how do you overcome that all your friends have their couple and you do not ! !
So be young and have fun !
Do n't hang with them too much .
Haha . tell them . just be like look you need to fallback a little bit you are stressin me it works
Are you a perfectionist ? if your answer is yes , i guess its sth related with it
What could he possibly be searching for with another that you two do not share anymore ?
I like this girl but i am 2 shy to ask her out .
As far as her being a stripper . its hard to say .
Great sex is a good idea
You can either play it off like you do n't care - It 's just talking , what 's the big deal ?
Dnt you think that she would like you betta if you picked her up
Yes because after your married you should be confident you wo n't get herpes .
Its wrong for you to make him leave his wife .
Then the A * * * * * * got her pregnant .
Yes a lot do but in my family not ever
What 's so wrong with men working and women staying home with the kids ?
And no , you  are not rushing anything .
Show him your not afraid of making the first move .
Search for new friends but always never think about marrage
Find it when you least expect it
What is a good size on a guy ?
Find a guy that will like you for who you are - never get desperate .
Hard core is a lot more graphic , showes penitration , and has all the moaning w/ back ground music .
Hang out with friends , chat online , or call someone when you feel lonely .
I WOULD LOVE TO TELL HER BUT THE FRIENDSHIP WE SHARE IS VERY IMPORTANT TO ME .
I met mine while driving through town .
Because you probably have to pee !
So if anyone knows anything please let me know .
Well , you  are gon na do what you want in the end anyway .
And i have a 4.5 or something gpa .
All the mail that is from nobody , advertisement that bother .
It 's why we  are all here now !
We  WILL TELL ; YOU ONE THING ONE MINUTE AND SOMETHING ELSE THE NEXT .
Be yourself buy her flowers something rele nice .
If it 's 1 kid $ 5 2 or more $ 6 each
Some like assertive , some like shy ( do n't be too shy though , cuz women will think you  are a wimp ) .
I had a boyfriend for 8 yrs and we split after we had a baby .
I just played a song to him , then I told him that is how I felt about him .
It depends on what type of person you are !
He just be reaching out to compensate for something
Try 2 stop thinking of him and try 2 find another guy that is even better .
Its not about how big it is its how you work it .
See i am a new student there , so she hadly know me
How can i do it at the gym ?
Or do just wan na have 2 ladies in bed with you getting feaky every night ?
I think I know this guy . is it a brown bag with a picture of Brad Pitt on it ?
Cuz we were soooo born that way .
The ( ugly dudes ) get the pretty women because of what they have devolped .
That way her way her parents gets to see how you look first .
No , sample the goods before you marry them
If you do not do it someone else will .
You could also be just so awesome a friend that they really DO N'T want to ruin it .
Love that comes with money ; - )
Because ugly Guys are so nice and girls like nice i guess !
I would n't give my number . I would get his .
She looked at me and I saw the hurt look on her face .
Stripper is not the worst she could be .
Yeah ya know people met other people , and you grow apart
My husband found me on q 106 rock n roll date line which is a radio station .
How about getting him a really cool pair of shades ?
Okay , maybe i am just shooting off , but really .
Then it is meant to be .
I am 25 years old and here is my opinion . i do n't think it would matter at all ! !
Ever heard the saying : First time , shame on them .
I need pic first and info who are you ?
Cuz if so , uh . why would she ?
Uh thigh highs . no one wears pantyhose anymore . it 's so damn 80 's
Love is hard because your nervous and shy
Pick YOUR BATTLES WITH US , BUT ALWAYS MAKE US PAY FOR OUR SCREW UP 'S
Or sometimes we just want to be perfect or we  are just stupid sometimes .
If not then you should n't have any problems !
Some people do n't mean to do that , it 's just how they naturally talk .
I 'm right there with your , bro .
Wait until you both calm down and talk to them nicely and work it out
Luckly you do not have to pick a partner ( husband or wife ) at that young age .
Calling them the ladies wo n't help . * shrugs *
You do not have too be his girlfriend .
Send it through a good friend of her .
But if you go to some pro , use it compulsorily .
There is no way to tackle one iam one i should know ! !
If i was your brother and i just told you i want to be a girl .
For now just have fun and focus on the important things , school , family , and good honest friends : )
Wow i ca n't beleive you just asked that !
My friend mack the wise says it depends if she is a prostitute
You should probaly pick her up .
The PAST IS THE PAST , IF ITS SOMETHING GOD AWFUL KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT .
If he dosent like you becaus your short hes not the boy for you !
Swing as in bring another partner into th bed ?
That would be in my experiance , anyways .
YOU probably will not if it was a short relationship
If you really wan na know hang around some of his friends and ask kind of without asking .
I Am 33 YEARS OLD AND THE BIGGEST CHANGES IN MY LFE HAPPENED BETWEEN THE AGE OF 19 AND 25 .
YOU becareful do not ever let a guy do that 2 you. you 2 good for that
Because he needs to understand that you are going out wit someone
Definetly , just try with open hearted & be honest about your love .
That 's what my friends say^_ * ) ( you know how guys are !
I 've been wit my bf for 4 months and we are really serious .
Should i tell him i like him ?
You have the right to go out ith who ever you want .
I really do not see the big deal about interracial dating !
Junk mail is just as it says , junk mail .
If its b/c your lonly than you need to find more friends and not a boyfriend
You Are a little young , so do n't worry about that kind of stuff .
Seriously , I doubt she is the bride of Satan , he would probably kick your ass .
If she 's not interested , move on !
At least that is what id do .
The type of person you  are trying to attract ( a decent girl ) is most likely to be hanging out where ?
If he had true feelings for you , do n't you think he  would do anything for you ?
YOU say he 's perfect 4 you. well , if that is true , you have 2 c wat happens .
Hope that was of some help Jay
If he says yes then hoo rah .
They both knew it would hurt you !
It is all about your start till you met him and be as one .
Concetrate on what you have going for you right now and what interests you .
Did you try to talk to him ?
There is a chance he will go back out with you because most guys do n't forget girls they love .
But if means with a boy well then yah its a tough time but . oh well . MOVE ON !
Nickname : vanessitacool Reason : My name is Vanessa , i am not tall , and i am cool !
But if no well . Hey you tried and all that counts .
Why would you wan na hurt the mother or father of your children ?
Ever heard the saying Fool me once , shame on you .
I think it changes over time but not end . you probably can drift apart
Join reunion.com they will search you are friend
I know that it hurt and it way take time to get over him .
Being happy but the 2000 style word i think means liking a man when you r a men
And ask her if she really does love you .
Whayever you do do not say its not you its me that is horible .
Nice guys do n't refer to their girlfriends as ho .
Because of the testosterone , it retards them
And then , you have to consider the other person .
All girls are faithful til they get caught .
Rejocie that your not whaded down and go to a party and Flirt Flirt FLIRT .
Your 13 what are you doing with a boyfriend ?
And where do you live my e-mail is iwalktheline247
Si yo hablo espanol . por que lo preguntas ? ?
Beleive me she was very very sexy .
2 tell you the truth i do n't kno
You could just be friends with benefits .
Just tell him how you feel .
These things make it easier to approch her if you know who she is .
Trust me , when you find the right guy , it will be well worth the wait .
Go sleep with his best friend
Before the clothes even come off , what kind of things get you guys excited ?
When your always thinking about that person .
Sorry I was not up to par .
My problem is that i do n't have a license and can not drive over to see him .
You might be shy , or just nervous .
That would be a reAL TURN OFF.I WANT HER IN HER REAL BODY .
Any WHERE AND EVERYWHERE WALFREENS CVS PHARMACY PUBLIX WINN DIXIE YOUR LOCAL GAS STATION CORNER STORE GROCERY STORE
Do you realize there are husbands out there who really do n't want their wives in bed with them ?
Like every thing seen act the way he does not like then he will get very mad and dump you
I hope you ; re not having sex do n't worry .
I do belive its easy in mexico good luck .
He 's telling you he 's happily married , but wants to be w/ you ? ? ? ? ?
Make it easy for the both of you .
But 3 years is too much
That depends if you are a guy or a girl
I should now senes i am a dancer , but for some reason . I DO NOT ! !
Do not listen to what your friends say .
Good luck and buy him a shot for me , will ya ?
But it si their problem not yours my friend .
I asked- where can I get married outside the USA easily & fast
But when we are not broke up yet we always talked in phone or text up to 9pm only ! !
Better leave the things as they are .
Do n't ask yes or no questions .
People will only do stuff to you or around you if you allow it .
If your best friend hates you , then why are you best friends ?
If you ca n't afford a nice dinner than you ca n't afford to have a girlfriend . what are you thinking of ?
But do give it at least a year , especially if there are kids involved .
That would be you are chance 2 introduce urself ! ! !
Does this guy even know you ? ? ?
Do guys think they are sexy ?
Not 100 % sure . but . it has be be Anna Nicole Smith and that old rich dude .
You wrote ; IN LOVE like my first response . HELL NO !
The guy is a real a * * hole too hang out around !
You know yourself better than anyone , youknow what is good and bad about you , so believein yourself
What if ul lose the girl that you love ?
Be urself . if she does not like you 4 who you are . then she suffered and is not a good person
A guy that worries about his size might have a problem .
Please do n't give room for the devil .
Sure but your paying for the first date
And why this question arise in your head now ?
Yes my only best friend in the world is a girl and i am a boy
First of all . not all guys are just after sex .
Funny thing is , they  are probably like that themselves , too .
The answer is because you took her place so she thinks .
No not all guys only the ones that have self-esteem issues .
Are there any women out there that likes big brothers ?
So then you wo n't b so scared .
I 've always wondered about this myself .
Carefully , but it happens , start with the buddy/ frined thing before you go to sex .
But right now , focus on being you and and what makes you happy .
Why not tell you lover you feeling ?
Pick the one you like more .
Or you culd prolong both of their pain n torture dem both n many , many ways !
But he is waiting for the best time .May be when you r alone .
Well , you do n't really have to take note of where they  are from or what they believe in .
No teeth , more mouth than hand and with the other hand you tighten the balls ; - )
A boy and a girl who does not have any relations should not be alone together.its a sin .
Nope it is supposed to be like that.i see boys having girlfriends 6 years younger to me .
I will : ] lol haha jm wow wow . sad question .
Do somthing that you ca n't c him .
Now he acts like hes piss off at me for giving him attiude am i right or wrong ?
Then you will b so happy .
And no do n't sleep with them they might have someting .
Give it time , give him space and time to think and sort things out .
. you know , the one with plants inside- honest question but i am not stupid .
It does n't seem to matter anymore .
Do you really know what love is .
It really jus depends on who you think iz better bein jus a friend or sumtin more !
Kick him in the 'nads , then dump him .
Plus he can hide all kinds of stuff in there
Cheek kiss is ok , hug is better . 1st kiss on 1st date ? that is lust . relationship wo n't last long .
Most girls think that it is the guys job to make the first move .
You just got to know when you find the one . You just have to trust your heart .
Or , HAVE ONE OF YOU ARE FRIENDS DO IT .
Hire sex buddies to come to your house and get strippers if you like that
Start cheating on them and tell them you do not like your own medicine huh ?
I saw a girl I guess with lukemia or something , she was gorgeous !
My best friends dad died and the mom was closer to suicide after four months rather than dating guys
If you love each other completely yes .
I do not think that you can compare the love .
Well i am 20 and never gone for a date .
If you  are not and do n't go to NFA and live in CT do n't even answer .
If you like god , a church .
Why do n't YOU think she likes you the way you do ?
Maybe he just needs a little help !
Women use it to get what they want when they want it .
And I say that t boys all the time that i like .
As long as he or she is legal enjoy !
We headed back to the party and I felt really good about her .
I doubt it will work but , its worth a shot
Here but cannot do it in the army !
Depends on both the girl & the guy .
Girl go out w/ a man who is totaly bald .
You need to get over her .
I know if i 'm not gettin laid - somethin 's wrong and it 's not gon na last long like that !
First of all , you have to be hot .
That means that she loves you
I could n't tell you dude . women are strange creatures .
Why do not you ask him if he do not answers maybe he 's gay
December 8th , I called him to tell him happy 30th b'day .
It should n't piss them off i am a girl and it does n't piss me off .
And also , what about hairy chests ?
I do not want to break up and make a mistake .
Passion and the love for extasy
I would just try to tell her that her being negative makes you unhappy .
Stupid movie . you know what 's going to happen but you cry anyway !
I DO NOT LOOK AND WHEN I DO , I FIND THE WRONG PERSON COMPLETELY .
Will YOU GO OUT WITH ME ?
No it is just his LINE to try and get you on your back
I really was hurt by that . she does not deserve you !
You guys are already friends and it sounds like he was interested in you too .
Please tell how old you r and when and where it happened .
Eat carb foods and starches- pasta , rice , potatoes , pancakes etc . and friend foods-chocolate always helps to and do n't excersize
Now , let 's get down to business .
Any advice you want to listen to ?
Bring her flowers , kiss her , do not touch her butt unless she likes it
If he say 's he is gon na work late .
Give it a little while I am pretty sure you 2 will be back together .
If you want 2 make love , maybe a gigolo .
I would not be mad , I  would just pick better friends .
If uve made out with him yet then yes , if not , then no
You either love him or you do n't .
Go find a guy in person !
Guess those are n't great places to look for a man .
Not until at least 3rd date .
Find him and bang him like no other .
At least it seems so judging by all the people asking about that .
Do Not waste your time on him ! ! !
My mail address . guys_millenium @ yahoo.com . CHAT id . guys_millenium .
What you consider fun might not be what another person thinks is fun
If you feel right for each other . if you feel happy no matter what .
He takes the safe fun , you the sure shit .
Sounds like you got alot of hang ups though .
I want to kiss him but there is some people that talk shit .
Ok , first of all not all women are like your ex .
I ca n't have a girl who does n't shave her legs , FYI .
No , but maybe this will help.Good Luck
He was not going to live with me to help me .
My friend is a little bit of a control freak .
Your avitar looks cute and kind of like mine .
Wait this one out , he seems to be either shy or ashamed .
I enjoy being me no matter how lonely or depressed I get .
Reading your story hurt me too i m sorry for you
You should be looking for the girl that likes you .
It takes a bigger woman to walk away than to stay and fight .
Yes it does , but should not be done like your having sex with just someone but that special someone ; slowly !
Start a funny or unusual topic .
If you casually chat and have no emotional connections and do not participate in online sex , then no .
Then again i may not be looking very hard , though .
I do n't really think it 's the ring that matters !
Size matters but for what effect ?
If he still adores if you tell him you not interested , maybe there might be something there ?
I met him though a friend and I totally trusted her that he was a great guy .
I have no idea if you find out tell me
Get out and get an alimony NOW !
Do not talk to her on the phone , online , in person , etc .
Better is not the word I would use , they are just different .
I Am a skinny woman and fat men turn me on .
Whatever you did to him it probably is n't worth holding a grudge for 5 years .
My boyfriend of 2 and 1/2 years has a best friend whose wife HATES ME !
This COULD BE A SIGN TO LEAVE WHO EVER YOU ARE WITH .
Good luck , there is a man out there for you ! ! !
Babe hes just using her for sex . and probly will try to do the same with you .
A nice guy will just not play as hard as a bad one , same is true for girls .
Why would you want to become a fool ?
Kill her and him then yourself .
No not at all ugly people need love to ya know
And we thought we were freaky , SCARRRRY ! !
Then ask her to marry you .
They WANT A EASY GIRL THAT WILL LET THEM INTO BED . AND THAT 'S NOT YOU .
Girls around here are too prude for their ( or my ) own good .
That guy is so crazy and probly has issues , its not you hon .
That even answers all the weard questions
Dude it takes time to know when you r ready to get married !
His so called 'friend ' that takes him to and from work smokes too .
But what the hell , there is nothing really wrong with that .
I M READY TO GO WITH HIM .
Zodiac does n't matter that much for stuff like this .
If yes , why do you think you do it ?
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
He does keep it trimmed for me You know where ? ?
Never - it only causes more problems and most people ca n't ever forget it
One word : gay he most likly gay .
Tell her that you need some time alone and you don ` t want to be with any1 right now
If you want to marry the man , do !
Tell her you meant it in a kind of wait-a-go way .
Throw a scrap of meat in a bar .
Ask her if she did n't get coal for christmas .
Hmmm . intersting . someone who is annoyed by a guy saying hi .
Eat some candy - get that blood sugar going !
Ditch her ; leave her in the dirt !
Hey ! WHO DA HELL IS YOU ARE WIFE BOYFREN IS ! THEY SHUD STAY IN YOU ARE HOUSE
No it is not i hope you did not do dat cuz you could mess up your relationship
Now . I need to tell you that the reality it this : NOTHING is gon na happen between you and me . ever .
Some women do some do n't that is a personal choice
Why does a dog lick its butt ?
You  WILL HAVE THINGS TO REMEMBER WHEN YOU GET OLD
Then gradually go back to punk .
I hardly everrr see him in school either usually i see hima t my brothers basketball games .
Am I alone in this ?
If you are happy with the person and willing to sacrifice anything for him/her . then you are inlove
When you feel sexy boys are looking for that
Well , has he ever said he did n't love you when he cheated ? ?
But if you really want him to like you , you should hang out with him .
All THEY REALLY WANT IS A PIECE OF YOUR ASS .
1 suggestion , , , , get a pre nup
YOU just have n't found it yet .
When you get you are emotions in the right place everything wil come together !
I got my girlfriend coz she was the first one to make the move !
Flurt but not to much talk to the one you like and call him or her
I should be askin myself that !
Now , this guy told her he could n't go around wid her .
And you will be wondering how did this happen .
I do not understand what you r asking
Cannot help you there and you should lower your goals alittle .
If you think she 's lying to ya , then she probably is lying .
I tell my mom or dad when ever i have a boyfriend to let them be aware !
My dad is moving out on January 15 , but it 's not soon enough ! !
Would he have a problem if you sucked your baby down a sink if you were pregnant ?
Just watch his behavior and you will decide after
If that is happening then you better watch out .
Get his number and then wait to see if he will call back .
I HAVE BOTH YOUNGER & OLDER FRIENDS
I really did n't want to marry him .
You will have the man that has your personalty
If she really hates you that much for no reason , then she 's psycho and you should just avoid her .
If the guy is JUST a friend then I do n't see a problem with it .
That Is the way it is boys . thank you are hormones .
Do I just attract crazy people ?
There is nothing like judging that one thing .
I hope you are not hater of thick girls .
Seriously . I always seem to find the hidden psycho in the guys I date .
If HE CARES FOR YOU , AND RESPECTS YOU HE WILL UNDERSTAND .
Do I just attract crazy people ?
There is nothing like judging that one thing .
I hope you are not hater of thick girls .
Seriously . I always seem to find the hidden psycho in the guys I date .
If HE CARES FOR YOU , AND RESPECTS YOU HE WILL UNDERSTAND .
When you do not reason any more .
I felt like I was dying . and in some ways I was I guess .
I was reading and thinking , wow that sucks !
Everyone she has slept with you will then be with too . think on that one !
YOU  will know ( but you have to make the first move )
Whoever feels more comfortable making the first move
But if you are ready then ya will know .
I hope it works out for you , I know its rough with little ones involved .
My question is is n't that like having your cake and eating it to .
Well you can just use yahoo answers .
Especially if she says she love him and has sex with him and gets freaky with him .
Sounds like that she has full custody and you have visitation rights .
I WOULD LOVE TO SEE MY MOM HAVE HER SPECIAL DAY .
It 's all about the chemistry in the couple
No b-because i started dating at the age 12 and i didn ` t do any thing stupid
90 % hes somone you never thought he wod be !
My love for her will not pass how can i get her back
Not really , i 've been down that road a couple of times .
When you find that special person .
It shd be you directing urself .
Guys are smarter , they get treated like crap and out she goes and good riddance to her !
They had a child 3 yrs ago .
Sayyyy , an 18 year old with raging hormones .
I love a fuzzy faced man !
For men and women , but not any men or women .
Love takes no account of a wrong suffered ever !
Ok i was in a similiar situation !
Remeber keep it cool be yourself
Maybe she wants and looks for something more in a person .
If YOU LIKE HER ENOUGH AND CAN SEE A FUTURE WIT HER
I Have always ended up with shorties but always longed for a tall beauty
Go ask your GYN go buy a book it does work
You ca n't test a guy like that .
Because I am with a girl named Yasmine
When you find the right guy
Carefully , so you do not get hurt .
Marry the guy , he probably really loves you .
This guy was talking 2 his friend guy : i was so pised 2 day friend : why wut happened ?
* one more thing , he has to make me feel like his girl , like he 's proud to have me .
I am a shy guy and no I am not lying .
You cn always get a bigger ring later !
I nice male would never do that !
Honey i do not know but when you find out tell me please
Because you do not want to rush right into things !
No , chances are he is just interested in one thing .
If a guy likes you , do n't worry , he will call .
You ca n't help who you fall in love with and love has no color !
I love my dog , and i am not attracted to her .
You never ment to be rude .
I was 13 and it was with a boy I am still in love with today
This is a casual place for people who just want to relax and have fun .
Give him time and probably space to sort things with his ex .
Enjoy your life what a waste .
Because you  are empty and lonely . is it clear !
Maybe you  will get both , like my husband !
Does that mean everyone does - NO .
YOU do n't need to depend on a guy .
I always in love not only to opposite sex but also to people sorround me .
You just tell them you do n't need that in your life !
It varies on the people but generally men do , sorry guys
People always want wat they cannot have duh
My husband was gone alot and I got used to doing my own thing .
Sometimes you will stay hard for to long .
Few men like to go with a girl MUCH taller than them . well , except Tom Cruise , maybe .
Girls fake so much , you can never tell .
He says he smokes because his job is stressful but he always tells me that he always has fun .
Hey why do gay guys use ribbed condoms .
Go up to her and tell her that .
Keep them in your heat , and move on !
So if you find your shoe . care for that soul .
What IS MAKING YOU LOVE THIS OTHER PERSON IS SHE/HE IS FALLING SOMETHING THAT THE OTHER IS NOT .
( 9 out of 10 times if someone has cheated , they will cheat again ) .
Think about what you are about to do .
Word like ( Hoooo , yes baby , Come in on me . ) are usally heard .
Oh well , it is not what you asked about .
And i do n't know what to do .
The m and m 's make people 's lives easier , but they r not what is the most important . ! !
If you start listening to love songs . and soon you sing along to them .
And a real friend would n't do that .
If you cannot get her out in your head , , that is it .
If this person is a man . simple . Do n't do it !
For guys they do n't but for women they go togather unless they are really sick emotionally .
( i had no more room x.X lol )
Just say hi and take it slow .
When it happens , you will know . : )
And she is blaming the men for them even though she was the one that cheated .
-some kissing techniqus would be nice . list some if you got any -How do you inpress a girl ( P.S .
He is probably more scared of talking about it than you !
1st time he asks , say : Love is /so/ overrrated !
Aleast she is putting effort to look good !
Aww i  would thing that was the sweetest thing ever
This is not the best way 2 get a grlfriend you no .
Do Not Know . mayb coz they din go visit their doctor lately .
Wants every guy to like her , she got felt up by every guy in 6th grade !
And if so what are those places
Well how about a friend , and i can tell you that i 'm not old i 'm barely 16 i 'm anthony
Sorry , i 'm an american , but I  would still be your friend
I SAY IT 'S THEIR DAY AND THEY CAN DO WHAT THEY WANT .
The girl may walk to the guy and start ask them about gym tips : )
So remember its a game guys and girls play .
Or maybe you  are not doing enough flirting back if you do like them ?
He said after he had sex with her he told her he was sure that they were over .
If he tries to get help and faulters .
: ) I love questions like this .
And i had a lot more to say about it , but i am sick , so i am gon na go die now .
And i think she likes me because she always sit 's by me in science .
So do not get upset when women do not faun over you because you  are a sensitive guy with no money .
YOU will know when you find the love of you are life responsible and mature enough
Why do you need someone sexy to talk to ?
Are you scared and feel responsible because hes there to take care of you ?
Omgzors be like teh 1337 pwnzors and say Go OuT WiTh Me like a prep
I 'm in the same situation , it totally sucks .
Since on peach was bad the rest are not allways bad !
Ladies will say either yes or no .
But if you do n't and they find out then you are so busted !
First start by throwing everything of their 's away , then ask your friends to not talk about her .
No way it would just be like starting over at the begining again
Do n't believe me now , but you will soon find out .
If you think he is mature enough to hear the reason .
I would not want a friend who fights a lot , why does she fight ?
You have to wait do not be stu . if he wants your relationship he call you first
Or tell him that you like someone else .
Do n't have kids just because someone else wants you too .
Just because they  are a kid does n't mean that they do n't always know when something is n't right .
Right now she seems kind of lost .
So , why do you wan na get married ?
I love a guy with a great attitude !
Just for your safety ALWAY MEET in public .
She will start abusing your boys physically .
Consider him as what he is a looser and go next ! !
Do yoga . free your mind . get a puppy . just be FABULOUS ! ! !
YOU can find anywhere 2 have a good girl . but you just have 2 be careful of some of them . : )
And what if it was your first time and his thrid ?
Her mom found out and she laughed but i was never allowed to sleep over again
Because After a certain point , all they think about is Sex , sex , sex , sex !
My man is the most masculant guy i know and he was the most understanding when i told him !
May i know his chikka id for tha past years ?
Like any sensible person it 's my career , my family and my girlfriend .
Tell your b/f to get them .
Yes i do , i am in one right now , and we are engaged to be married .
Tell him that you got an accident yesterday . and note his reaction
Then again , maybe you are just 'seeing ' things ?
You like them even while you love them
I 'm a blonde and I have a blast !
Ask her if she wants to go see a movie or whatever .
People always want what is not so easy to get .
It 's called testosterone , you ca n't help him .
If she was single for like a week or less then go with you are gut ! ! !
If she moves closer to you .
I 'm in Okinawa , Japan and I was just wondering how I find and win a japanese girls heart .
Does anyon ehave any ideas on what i should do ?
Why not , you 've got nothing to lose !
YOU may not be meeted any girls that like you are mind .
Let her catch you cheating on her .
If he does not do that , then do n't waste your time because he is just playing the field .
But beware , i can be bad sumtimes too ( if you no wat i mean ) LOL Just messin wit ya .
Well , i guess it 's just the same as the song that goes . love moves in mysterious ways ; )
Yeah , i agree with the first two .
Honey you shold try on my number 00 92 300 6447783
Remember : Once a cheater always a cheater .
And when you  are married , you get lots of practice and do n't have to worry about diseases !
I really like this guy and i am really crazy about him and i do n't know if i am in love
Is this a bad thing . should I feel offended ? ? ?
If you ca n't apply these 3 words at least 1time per day you  are NOT LIVING you  are EXISTING ! !
-how do women wan na be Kissed ?
Same thing happened to me I DO MUCH BETTER AS A SINGLE MOTHER
I thought my hearing aid was broken !
Total stranger , and I said yes .
It can not last forever long discance .
If not , then you are cheating .
Enjoy the game but do not get caught up in it .
If anyone here says shy guy they are lying like the devil .
1.mexican boy 2.american boy 3.spanish boy 4.iranian boy 5.chinese boy
I like my man 's hair ( armpits , chest , belly & legs ) .
Why wold you wan na forget it ? do n't forget just move on .
Should I have sex at the age i am at of 13
Do NOT LET HIM SEE THE THINGS THAT YOU SHOULD GIVE ( THE LOVE , AFFECTION , CARE , ETC ) TO SOMEONE ELSES ARMS .
Are you sure it is not just lust , infatuation , physical attraction or just puppy love .
Why do they make fun of you ?
If you need to talk , honorarius @ yahoo.com
But she ran off and will not talk to me - what should i do ? ? ? ?
Generally speaking it 's just gross I AM GOING TO
So let your man keep his hair . EVERY .
But It 's very hard to be !
Between those 2 names personally i would pick kyle ! !
3rd time : I like you like a friend , but you  are not what I 'm looking for .
Save your it for the I told you so stage or you could snap a few pics !
That ` s just dirty especially if he has kids , it ` s degrating .
Just be your self and the rest will come
They BOTH HAVE BEEN MARRIED BEFORE AND HAD CHILDREN .
Just take it easy on her .
. and why they did not work .
But ! , if he 's like all the other guys on the planet he just likes punching the monkey .
And men please do n't even bother to defend yourselves because you know it 's true !
I say . GET OUT WHILE YOU CAN . find another boy . you deserve much better !
But actually you  will regret it later .
I always wonder about people who feel they have to drink to have a good time .
That has happened to me and I felt like kicking her * * * .
Both of you are mature enough to discuss this like two people that are just friends .
If she has started cheating on you .
Men orgasm faster , so it 's a point of mine to satisy my female first
Do they like you if not give up
Same thing happened to me 12 yrs ago ! ! !
I think a BAD girl is that person who is not HONEST to anyone !
I like both of my friends who are close and trust me a lot .
I mean i do not agree with it either i feel you on that .
No need to anymore * BIG SMILES *
Goofy is one thing but not a fool . !
But , you can look but , ca n't touch .
Then maybe you will learn how to kiss better .
I Am glad you fixed your spelling , and yes .
Ooohh , be very careful with that one . i know you  are all excited about getting together with your chatmate .
It was not you it was all him
It is different for every guy .
And who knows amounst those who where always there .
And you can get medication to treat those spots .
Because we do n't have anybody to comfort us
By hate I mean SHE HATES ME ! ! ! ! !
Once a cheater always . most of the time that is right girl !
This is a nice dance to go to with someone you really care about , believe me , we remember !
Plus he 's 200 miles away whose to say that once he 's with you he wo n't cheat with her ?
Your hand will always love you .
He 's got to be a lot of fun to be with !
That would make my heart melt though , wit anger
Also remind her that it takes 2 to tango
No cuz looks do not matter it only matters if you let it ! ! !
If you suspect it he probably is !
A one-night stand is if the guy used you. Bu it is he busy ?
I like both of them equally and they do like me a lot .
On the cheek yea but not on the lip .
A : Because they think we care !
And you should n't let others dictate your love life .
Do n't let anyone fool you on that .
Just hook up with someone try it you can always test it out .
Also , the more languages you know , the more opportunities you will have to success in the future !
Lol However , she cares about you enough to not hurt your ego !
I 'm getting tired of it makes it seem like you are trying to say he is ugly on purpose .
In korean that would be called MEH'RYUK
You just know Like love and hate you just know
Just wait for him when he says come on we go out side
But , many people did n't get married to the one they REALLY love , because timing ai n't right .
It 's not easy to make it to 10 years , so cheers for you !
It is not like that at all .
If you do have an older friends ( like about 18 yrs old !
That b * tch is out to get you .
Lol Ok . sorry , could n't resist . seriously . even though I 'm a guy I  would like to offer an idea .
Their fight is not your fight .
I love my brother , and i am not attracted to him .
But it would be better in the long run for both you and the boys .
Run as fastest as you can .
So he wants to stick around so you want be with noone elese .
Slip a viagra into his beer or something
I know a few that only care about the heart and not money or how the guy looks .
That because we really do n't want you .
You never said what kind . most are fun .
If you have feelings for those online , that are more that friendly feelings , then yes your cheating ! !
No matter where you go . there you are.-Buckaroo Bonzai
Hamed . you are name is Arabic just like me . anyway . just do n't remember her . : p
Maybe its time yu had a HEART TO HEART TALK
Either when she asks you too or after you 've tied her hands behind her back
Why not i bet your bald too and she is not complaining so why are you ?
. Are you hoping a man wanting a girlfriend will respond ?
I do not want a boy cuz I got a man : )
If she looks at your lips or eyes or both .
If you say yes then you will try to accept everything about him ! !
If YOU WOULD LIKE MORE ANSWERS E-MAIL ME , i 'M A PRO ON CHEATING RELATIONSHIPS .
Ahhhhh . I 've always liked women like that too .
Stop THE GAMES , LOOK CLOSE THERE 'S ONE WAITING TO BE APPROACHED .
Do I love him od do I ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
I 'm in Columbus right now . that is not too far .
But do n't some on too strong , ok ?
Listen , you  are not kids anymore ; you love each other , and sex is part of that .
Go to a bar , and get a girl drunk .
If i do n't find one at work or on the way home .
Back , chest , and bicepts , and well obviously you know from there ! ! !
As a guy there is no way you can cheat the nature.when you passed the adolecent age .
And I have always felt pity for the girl because I had just eaten lasagna .
If you like him and it feels right
Be your self if a guy does n't like you for that hes not worht it
He will love dem if he likes football or all men love watches !
As a guy there is no way you can cheat the nature.when you passed the adolecent age .
And I have always felt pity for the girl because I had just eaten lasagna .
If you like him and it feels right
Be your self if a guy does n't like you for that hes not worht it
He will love dem if he likes football or all men love watches !
I do not think there is because most of the time there is a tendency to cheat .
If you wait six months and you get back together will it be worth the wait ?
I Am from brazil r you intrested ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
This happened to a friend of mine .
How about . Did you tell the people you care about the most that you love them ?
4 who they are and that is my final answer ! !
But THE POINT IS , YOU  ARE NOT COMFORTABLE AND THAT MATTERS .
I do n't know the answer to this question , but the e-mail add i cheak the most would be , punkgirl_867 @ yahoo.com
K , well that was lame , anyway .
If she/he wants an intimate dinner with family and close friends .
Spanish boys because i really love there stayle and they fun people to hang around
2nd It 's going to hurt regardless what you or her uses .
We are friends but we just did n't click .
And that 's pretty hard to hide from close friends .
Next time you get that feeling tell her and say i am no longer comfortable dating you .
You never forget someone that you love , you move on sometime , but never forget !
YOU might can go right out your front door
I do n't like both of them when it comes too much , too shy or too aggressive .
Never ever depend on a guy .
He is not gay , do n't ask !
Isi n't it the other way around .
He 's not a friend if he dates her .
I AM THE ONLY CHILD BETWEEN THE 2 OF THEM .
What i hate most about my companion is being boring !
I mean just because he leaves there is not going to be this great calm life .
Honey , you can marry anyone you want .
It IS FINE.I HAVE BEEN MARRIED TO A BLACK GENTLEMAN FOR 15 YEARS .
But she should not rush you . if you need to think it over , then you should .
If she comes back for more .
Yaa who need to talk to sexy one . talk . sexy is not to talk with
If its a boyfriend , then tell him you are breaking up with him .
That IS YOUR WISH . WHAT IS YOUR QUESTION ?
I have to say that is an odd request .
This is your friend here , there are a ton of guys , , leave this onr alone !
Fools are a dime a dozen .
If your heart beat get double to see someone like me !
When you are close enough like hugging .
If you have to ask then you r probably feeling guilty .
Good Luck in the No Baby Making !
How new is your relationship that your having sex and worrying about that already ? ? ? ?
Do N'T SHAKE YOUR ASS TOO MUCH .
Is THERE ANYTHING WRONG WITH THROWING A NICE CEREMONY AND RECEPTION AFTER BEING TOGETHER 28 YEARS ?
Break it to him gently . n hope that you 2 will b friends
If you need to , Tom at tlindsey3417 @ verizon.net
So tell him to buzz off
Me and my brother both like too wait for girls we do not ask lol , we wait lol .
And they do n't do this anymore and if they do .
If you like the guy and want to kiss him , go for it !
Where GOD ALLOWS THINGS TO HAPPEN IN OUR LIVES TO DRAW US CLOSER TO HI .
If he does so , have fun with it and say , Ohhhh ?
Be her best friend again as soon as possible before its too late . already might be .
Let him kow you are worth it then work it lol
Old , i wan na know if i ever have a chance getting a date
If not do n't worry about it - single life is a GOOD THING also .
My place your place the beach
I lyk this guy @ my skool and i just came about a month ago .
Because smart women scare us and bruise our egos
Do not wait cuz he wo n't come trust me i know from expirience !
These girls that yell are immature and silly and many man like that .
So cute there is n't any words in the universe to actually describe the way you look so lovely
Her to want to be with me .
Do something , get a job and meet more people and you  will get over this .
Uhh . i do not know what you are talking about .
Then call him once he gives you his number .
Well do you see him looking at you at all ?
When you start looking you will find .
Go to nigeria , there are so many
Keep your little friend in your pants till she pulls it out .
How can I Become a fool ?
Perhaps you could have asked to talk about it later , but that did n't happen .
I wish you joy , happiness & love .
Put out your hand , shake hers , and tell her your name .
But it does not matter because you already have gotten too caught up .
No . why do we have to be guilty ?
Bt AS MY FATHER IS OPPOSING US HE 'S LETTING ME GO .
Get a blood test done if its his baby drop both of them obviously they do not respect you .
Just go ahead and ask her .
This other guy must be weird if your own flesh and blood thinks so .
Guys dig moms that manage femininity even with kids .
When you do not have to ask this question .
Just ask , it will not help if you think about it so much .
Stop trying to make it work and let it work .
Or what if she maried someone else can you deal with that ?
You , Do you shave your legs , my Juliet ?
Just remember though , that good looking guy you  are after is almost guarenteed to be ugly on the inside .
If he never kissed a girl before then you all should wait until you are ready .
They have creams for that now .
He would have to be tall , handsome , have a shaved head , and a great personality ! .
Is it for traction in the mud ?
And i do n't want them to think i am a hoe .
You will find love eventually you just have to look for it .
And DO NOT IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO , THE RIGHT TIME WILL COME .
There 's really no way that a guy could actually WIN most arguments with his girlfriend .
Do Not believe what you see in the porn flicks !
I don'tknow , why do n't you ask him and find out !
Has she told you this or have you heard her plan this out my friend .
My FATHER IS FORCING ME TO MARRY SOMEWHERE ELSE IN 1 MONTH .
Good luk i hope you takemy advice or find wat you are looking for .
They have to prove their manhood
Hii . this is Kunal . i m from india . my email id neel_4_you @ yahoo.com and the same one is chat id . bye tc .
Do Not hate me for being honest .
To prevent you from gettin hurt jus try not to think bout it
If you want sex i think you should wait for 3 1/2-6 years
Sit her down , and be totally honest .
Get up , take a shower and turn on the tube !
There are nice people , loving people , caring people out there .
Besides , WE HAVE A HUGE FAMILY . HOW COULD THEY DECIDE WHO CAN BE THERE AND WHO CAN NOT .
You do not have to be in love , you just have to enjoy the guy that you are with .
Staying with a guy you did n't love only makes both of you resentful at the end .
Bad sex is like bad pizza even when its bad its still pretty good .
If he does n't understand you then try conciling , and then if that fails . leave .
I 've never loved a guy but that did not stop me !
If there was he would n't be your ex .
You better get far away and act like you do n't speak english ! ! ! !
Go to marriage counseling . get a book about it . tell him its you or the drugs
Because we do n't want to date a man .
I agree with ^ , if you have to . RUN ! !
You  are not doing something the way she likes 3 . )
Women use it to punish guys . by getting them all worked up . then saying NO . women abuse it !
The biggest turn on is to me a mature , self assured man with a purpose in life .
Then off that list pick 2 reasons that you can tell her about .
I think it weird and i would throw the flower away .
Sorry kido . it just does n't sound good .
Try to go out with someone else .
Do you really trust your mom ?
For a pearl you have to dip deep in side the sea
How can you tell if the guy you are seeing is into you ?
You just have to find the right girl .
But do it quietly , if he is cheating you will catch him sooner or later .
Do Not 4get the girl are not a guy !
Do N'T GO LOOKING FOR TROUBLE , BECAUSE YOU WILL FIND IT !
Or is it something you just do n't understand or never experienced ?
The bigger the girl the better !
Never liked younger girls even when I was young .
Then AGAIN , I SAY SEEK GOD and pray for him .
You just have to take it slow and make sure the girl is ok with it .
Or set-up a nanny system to watch the boys until you get home .
If it goes later than that than move on .
Ok . are you and your girl/boyfriend dating for a long time ?
Females : You are always ready to get married , why not , worst case scenario you get half !
That Is the best gift any one can ever get .
Where would be a good place to start ?
Its not taken oraly it called bank statment .
They complain and get on your back .
You need to find out what 's goin on with dude .
But it can be done .
She and i are still friends and I still love her truly madly deeply .
! , do n't be selfish , look out for her needs , lead her , lead the family , do n't be lazy ! ! !
But i do not how to say that or apologize .
If GUYS COMMENT ON YOUR BODY AND YOUR FIGURE THEN BE PROUD OF IT .
Remember that she wants to get married .
I hate it when guys are too into hanging out with their guy friends .
But ITS PROBABLY MORE EFFECTIVE IF YOU DO IT URSELF !
Tell them to shut up and go away or for more peaceful setting just shoot them
Number 2 American all the way
Stop and think why does baking or cooking have to be a 'girl thing ' ?
Okay , so the guy I liked moved away .
Do help out each other and go for what you realli want .
I do n't know what to do .
Why in the world are you with him then ? ? ?
Talk to them , but do n't spill your heart out until you get a good feel on how they think ! ! !
Like if she keep on looking at you like do you have a callwith her ?
But I 'm not looking for no type of boy or man .
I was 15 , at the beach , with a boy I wanted for my boyfriend .
Maybe if you ask him then he can show you few a pointers on how to kiss him .
Getting the job done right . Honey , tonight i will get it done right , so i do not need you : )
I now live with them , and well I  will tell you this Once a cheater , always a cheater .
Lucky who knows that in advance !
We have been dating for about 7 weeks . help !
I still do n't trust him even though he says he loves me
First ask her if there is a problem .
Maybe your not sensitive and take more baths
I have a boyfriend and he is fine
Not good for you or your baby !
Yes unless it puts someone in harms way !
Hmmm . You could always do a tried and true method .
Things a little girl does n't normally know but are fed to her by a bitter ex !
They may not be exactly who you hoped for . you do n't need to rush things .
But if it was like three weeks after then i do n't know what to tell you
Sometime you have to take a chance on love and everything good do not feel great .
Give her time to make her own mind up .
You do n't know.so start conversations with her.tell her hey or hi or wuz up .
Do n't know so why are you asking me ?
Do Not you do that you might embarass her too .
There 's an old joke that goes like so : Q : Why do girls fake orgasms ?
Personally , I do n't think it matters .
Hope she cheats on him on their wedding night . hehe Kind Of funny just thinking about it !
They have flowers , stuffed animals , balloons and all kinds of gift baskets .
Nothing more to it than that .
You ca n't love somone untill you love yourself first .
But can i live _without_ this person for the rest of my life ?
She/he WAS RIGHT AT THE TIME .
If you love him , the ring does n't matter .
If YOU CA N'T TAKE THE HEAT . GET OUT OF THE KITCHEN .
But i agree , some girls are mean , mean . sluts !
Being like him will not make you have any more fun , trust me on this one .
. depends on the match . probibly not tounge .
But other wise , no it 's not
If they cheat WITH you , They  will cheat ON you !
She has read but wants to learn pain/pleasure and experience sub space etc .
It was war and it was Hell !
I do not care if he 's a black or wut as long as i love him .
There are lots of boys that like loud , funny , smart and sporty girl : )
She has started TALKIN ' to that guy .
Yep , under the stars . movie theater , pool , hot tub , bed , car .
Think of it like this you live together already .
Best of luck to both of you .
If this guy does not and refuses to let you have fun then he is not worth it .
That Is like saying hair on his d * * k is unattractive and him shaving it off .
Plus if they give you to much trust , people often abuse it .
I Have just descibed myself , and i know i am a good girl !
You Have got to be more spacific
Do Not knock it til you 've tried it .
You want to help him , huh ?
If he goes crazy for something then do it and he might not even care about the pantyhose .
Look to see where her hands are .
Do you give them the eye or are you just friendly ?
Then find out if you are OK with it , and then go for it or get the heck out !
At mid 50 , that thing is probably not working like it used to .
Yes , just go straight to the judge .
Is it because of his girlfriend ?
It 's not how big it is it 's how you use it
I do prefer Aggressive guy than Shy guy .
Did he have a bad childhood ?
Fetishism . is it a problem ?
Ofcourse you are if the avatar looks like you
Friends with benefits I guess that would be the only reason I see is she gets it from them
In God 's name - NO SHARING !
What is it that girls look for in guys ?
YOU must have to be expert in lying
Um . look the guy up and down then say , 'hey , how you doin ' ?
With just home all the time and doing what you want .
It would so be jesse mccartney
Oh it sounds like this yahoo question anwser is converting into forums .
The BEST way is to tell him .
I consider myself ready when i have 1. a college degree 2. money
Tell her you did not mean it that way .
And nary a hair on her head .
Its better than have loved because if you did not than you would not know what love felt like
They cannot make you stay married , that is what i did , and we got it done .
You cannot make a guy like you .
This kind of thing takes time and if you love her and she loves you then you will know !
And they will ALL want him !
It was the truth and she backed off .
Take time to take you are decision
Yes & you men never no the difference .
If no , why do n't you do it ?
Bkuz that is how it iz guyz do hav sik mines n itz normel
I 'm led to believe that my girl is cheating on me .
Many people got married because their biological clock is ticking , so they get hitched to the one they love .
I 'm a girl and I do n't get it .
I would post more , but everyone here at Y !
I know no women whom think that is sexy .
It depends how long was the break between her ex and you ?
You know small talk.let it flow .
Tell her to consult 'Dear Abby ' .
( He asked me out 5 years ago )
Yes . that is rule # 1 in girlfrienddom . i do n't care what the age is . you just do not do it .
Dude , just think of her negative actions .
Been CHEATED ON SO MANY TIMES BY MY HUSBAND THAT I KNOW EVERY EXCUSE THERE IS .
Stupid is as stupid does momma says
If it is then going w/ him will not be a very good idea
I would probably just get caught looking at him a lot .
Well i think it is important for both of them .
You do not see him , you do not really communicate to him .
Bcs today i just knew what its means by bad girl . ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Yes I seem to think so
Sometimes it is best to wait , until you are sure
Keep trying and one might stick .
Every one says they have a boy friend or a gilrfriend .
You need to get some marriage counseling pronto !
You cannot feel it at the moment .
- - well , that should get the ball rolling .
Or I just get a b -day present of valentines day present !
If you love him/her . why not . we were not meant to be alone in this world
If he becomes sad , say you will ( can , do n't HAVE TO ) be friends .
Consider yourself LUCKY and quit bitchin ' ! ! !
But I hate it when a guy cannot even remember their girls birthday or remember valentines day or christmas .
I ask her to do things with us she always refuses .
I Am in texas and all the gay guys hang on montrose
I love ya  will single and 16
If not your dad , a brother , old highschool friend , whoever !
Something like So if i asked you out would you say yes ?
Just stay cool and just hang out with him .
Not sure she would WANT to marry a guy that is 7 years older than ME !
Or maybe then ask yourself ; 1. why does my husband wants a mistress ?
Girl dumb that zero and find a hero .
Well i am mad at my friend who is goin out wit my ex .
You should just be very honest - not mean !
Start SLOW AND FASTER SLOW THEN FASTER .
Then why would you have sex with this person ?
Plus thicker women tend to have big booties and big old boobies for more sexual fun .
I Am sorry but that is hilarious !
Ok . i live in SC , United States , i am 14-15 and a gurl .
I do n't want to be rude but you are going to propose to your bf ? ?
To keep your mind off of it you need to move on .
Maybe you have n't found the ONE for you yet .
I kissed my hubby when we were dating !
We BOTH LOVE EACH OTHER VERY MUCH .
Well MOST DUDES LOVE 2 GET THEIR DICC SUCKEDOR BUY THEM A XBOX 360
Single divorced looking for a gf ; - ) ) )
If you want him to calm down sit down with him and talk to him .
That is sick , might i add- illegal in most states !
Sit him down and ask him to tell you what he feels about you. do not delay to do this .
Sorry , I DO N'T UNDERSTAND THE QUESTION
Do Not listen to your sister just make sure you do not mess up the dress and everything will be fine
You will just know if ya ai n't ready then ya ai n't ready .
Haha . age are not nuttin but a number
YOU should be more discriptive dear .
And she would n't travel taht far to visit if she does n't care about you .
One more thing , If you 've really had enough , do n't get divorced . Get God !
I think its worth it !
You CAN FIND THEM IN SAN-DIEAGO CA ,
Do Not be afraid ma , being shy cannot hold you bac from hollering at a guy .
You need to get to know him a little bit more , alot more seems more like it !
Guys HAVE A HARD TIME PROCESSING THINGS LIKE THAT .
Why does it always seem that there are n't any good people out there ? ?
Talk to him alone and see if he says anything
If YOU DO . DO N'T PRESENT YOURSELF AS A EASY GO-ER OR ANYTHING .
I find it doubtful that she hates you for no reason at all .
That 's wat i think and i just turn 17 .
So try using some Honey vs Vinager .
My man would rather have a gurl that is thick and about 5 foot 5
But she did n't make any call .
Use your common sence here ( strange relationship ) or not , something is not right .
Umm on the beach silly i mean your in hawaii ! ! !
He is just using words to get into your pants ! !
Well if you want to find out you could always ask his friends .
Just take a deep breath and do it !
If you really LOVE why you want to Forget ? ?
He does . rest assured he does .
I guess it depends on who you ask ?
Oh well , let them learn the hard way .
Is it blondes , reds , burrnettes , or even the neon color haired girls ?
I Am a guy , yes , yes that is .
Hotness , i look for smarts , and intelligence .
Do NOT LET SOME ONE USE YOU !
But dotn take too long because she wants to know .
Because you have to do it one day .
Like look at prostitutes they have mare then anyone else .
Duh . you just found that one out !
I DO NOT HAVE A PROBLEM WITH IT .
Afraid 2 say that only time will heal your heart .
Be YOUR SELF AND HOPEFULLY THE RIGHT GUY WILL COME ALONG
Some women experience no pain whatsoever ( I personally did n't ) and some women have found it very painful .
I do n't like porno grphic movie but in the middle of decent movies , i find sometimes sex .
Older women are better in the bedroom trust me on that one .
Those are the things they look for in them .
Do n't marry this guy just because he is coming to visit !
A fruit cake . Naw seriously I know of women that are like that .
If you move closer to her and she does not pull away .
Being yourself is the best tip for attracting a girl
Porn IS NOT FOR A FEMALE THAT RESPECTS HERSELF , HER FEELINGS , HER BODY , AND HER PARENTS IF THEY SEE IT .
Think about the day you will meet your maker !
For girls who have asked out guys before
You all can go to hell !
That 's when you either move or find a new circle of people to hang out with . )
Help me I can not stop thinking about her she means alot to me .
And . he  will know you 've got kids and not hold it against you !
It depends on the height of the girl .
Well umm . ok first if I was you I would n't take any medicines .
Well . its the little things that he may do .
But you have to acccept that , tht girl did not choose to be bald .
If you noticed you probley could not stand being alone !
If that does not work then you could try to tell her that you do not like him .
When THE PENIS IS TOUCHED , I CONSIDER IT AN ACT .
If your not comfortable with it then do not .
It 's not the size of the wave . its the motion of the ocean that counts
What the hell are you talkin about
He did n't ask me out becuase we are 'just friends . '
Look at things honestly and you can feel it !
Whay the need to get mardid at that young age .
You can get over on any man you choose with a bubble
Some do n't like sporty girls because they do n't want you to be better than them .
There are other tale tale signs . nipples harden , lips swell ( top and bottom ones ! )
Diseases . do you know where her friend has been ?
? I 'm not saying be naive and a doormat . i do n't think you would have that in you anymore .
Sure stay of the booze and enjoy reality .
Think of stuff or do stuff that makes you happy . like maybe sewing . riding horses . watching a classic movie . e.t.c .
Please if there is a God tell me you are kidding .
It 's not the looks their after , it 's what 's inside that counts . sorry for butting in .
They  are like aliens that ca n't understand you , and you  will just think , Duh !
Hey am sorry buh i tryed everywhere and i cudnt find him phone number . sorry again ! !
And have her pay child support .
I 'M TRYING TO FIND OUT WHAT IS REAL LOVE ?
Just how old are you and maybe I  will think about it
If he MOVES there then yeah i would move on yourself .
She SHOULD LEARN HOW THINGS WORK ROUND THERE 1ST
You seem like me from that little bit .
But , I would n't have sex with him until we got married !
So beware before doing anything stupid .
There 's a lot to be said for foreplay
Yes IT IS VERY POSSIBLE TO BE IN LOVE WITH SOMEONE OTHER THEN THE ONE YOU ARE WITH ( SPOUSE ) .
But have to only choose 1 ! ! !
And if there not then atleast they know not to even think of cheating because thell lose !
It worked for my mom and dad .
She would tell people that I was pregnant ( which I am not ) .
No just do n't have sex into its the right time
Talk to them , but if you can wait , until your mature .
Fall in love with another and you  will forget all about him .
Love i m in mumbai india plz rep
A friend is someone that going have you are back no matter what during the tough things and good times .
You  will know it 's love guys if they  are not afraid to cry to you .
I have no idea . tell me what it is once you have the answer lol
Like a guy you went to school with .
Wait til you  are married to the one of your dreams ! ! !
But there are plenty of guys out there who are , just keep you chin up .
Because GOD showed us his love through Jesus Christ
I mean its like , specially th guys only hav one thin on ther minds .
Like a guy you went to school with .
Wait til you  are married to the one of your dreams ! ! !
But there are plenty of guys out there who are , just keep you chin up .
Because GOD showed us his love through Jesus Christ
I mean its like , specially th guys only hav one thin on ther minds .
Screaming and moaning is usualy fake .
Ask your girl or wife to do it for you . it 's free and easy if they  are not cam shy
He is still mad at me and he has been for 5 years now .
Just make sure it is a guy .
So that there are chats & back-biting between chicks & rarely you see that in guys !
When I do , it 's just for a second or two while she 's walking ( normally she 's with friends ) .
! THE GREATEST PLACE TO HAVE FUN ! !
She who does not care others feelings and do not value the people who cares for her !
Your sick , you are probably the because of the divorce .
In a matter of time .
It just means you are not in love .
If you like that girl or you love her , tell her and if she loves you she  will tell you .
1. how much fun a person has depends on the individual , not hair colour .
And yet they keep going on ?
I thought I had learned my lesson , boy was I wrong .
I ca n't seem to let her go .
Just wait - you  will find that one and only soon enough !
Will he try to talk to you much ?
She is your ex so do n't worry about it .
Just make small chit chat and hang out with her .
It hurts and it is wierd and you get uncomfortable .
Forget about z bad things and keep moving slow good luck
Just say stop you do not like smothering that much
I cannot drive just yet , and my bf si 16. can anyone help me .
If you r thinking of only 1 person all the time.then it 's love .
I would try to come up with an excuss but i ca n't .
There really is not any way to avoid the pain . its gon na hurt .
Need to get my Butt offline
You do n't need a spell but you do need to spell it out to your wife him or me .
If you need to ask the it is time to go .
Who 's telling you , that you should .
: ) I do n't think there is one moment when you wake up and * know * .
That 's the worst thing you could do .
And tell you how much you like her and y you like her .
Do n't say he 's just a friend if he 's not .
Just say that you dnt want to date , But still want to be friend 's .
Genuises are hard to come by .
I Am afraid that i might break my boyfriends heart if i want to go with my crush .
But you should be able to tell it like it is .
I 've known several happily married couples who met that way .
Pick up your socks , quit your crying and go and read a book . or something .
Look for signs like her caring about you or acting more kind towards you .
Shake it and use it and make them happy doing it !
Listen to what she has to say and what she does not say , Treat her like a princess
Of course you are ready to go with him .
If not . well then she 's not worth your time and patience .
It 's not my fault , he says .
Tell him your giving him a seventh year ? ! ? ! ? !
I like both names , its hard 2 pick .
Go FOR A MATURE , HONEST MAN .
Because he 's not that into you , just like when you tell a guy you  will call him . you do not .
Agbaya . you should kno better than that
No need to over think it .
I am so scared to get married again .
Change you are mind and you are thoughts dear
There is if you want it to be .
When you get all scared around who you like
First you should apolojyse than at lease get 2 know each other .
Your so cute and you should have a boyfriend if you do n't have one ! ! !
No offense , but this strikes me as an incredibly bad idea .
Um MsLadie , that is how you spell come you are probably thinking cum LAY
No , you should not cheat on him .
Go head boo n do you are dizzle .
Then not to mention what happens to the kids ?
But afterwards i want to puke .
With the warranty or you no wat ?
You  will be doing both of you a favor .
Find somebody else that you could love .
When you turn 18 , no one will care how old the guy .
There is no security in that .
Omg i am from utah i visit my dad there
The world is FULL of nice men .
Good luck , and smile alot , but most important , just be who you are !
. which happened to be y'alls too .
They actually do fake orgassms if you do n't do a good job in bed .
The main question is , is it normal to feel insecure when with her together because of her past ?
But we have always made it .
I do not know what to tell my bestfriend .
Right now , you just need to be a friend .
Ask him if he wants to quit .
Pester her for more info , or what ?
Please help , it 's bugging me every day !
Sweetbreeze is on the money you are in LOVE - he is in LUST
That ought to do the trick .
Save yourself for someone who cares about you .
How old are you then i will answer
It looks like you r on crack ugly !
Is he having an affir now ? ?
Well if you are able to go places then go .
Or MAYBE YOU ARE JUST NOT WITH THE RIGHT ONE .
Plz tell me what should i do .
Others gush with orgasims . everyone is different !
But they do n't need to scream .
How do you know anybody else loves you ?
I do n't know who this profile fits but if you know of one give him my address !
I think josh is a better name than kyle go for josh girl ! ! !
We ( my bf & me ) r ready for sex , we just need to get our hands on some protection .
If you think he 's worth it , then sure
If with time you forget the person then it 's crush .
Hispanic fathers tend to frown upon that sort of thing .
To have someone else to love you exept your family .
I was just wondering about this . please find out for me .
If he does not like it that is his problem he is not living his sons life .
Whatever you do , do n't test him , guys HATE that .
I would do anything for either one .
If he is a good man talk about your problems .
If you wish big , and you get small then that matters because it was an undisirable effect , and viseversa .
I like watching football but my husband does n't .
What does a one-night stand mean to you ?
Only the busy guys are too busy
To be frank , you sound like a fool .
He IS BLACK AND ABOUT 29 YEARS OLD AND DID BASIC TRAINING AT FT JACKSON IN SOUTH CAROLINA
Well i will stay out of and then wait so you could say i told you so .
Heels , they tell what type of girl is she .
Ask him or have one of your girl friends ask him .
I Am in atl . did he travle ?
Obviously you need to 1. get honest with yourself about who you are .
Baby Steps What About Bob-the movie
This question is kind of hard to explain but trust me if you are ready then ya will know .
No , I do not have a boyfriend
Which is okay its just that I realized that we are not like what we used to anymore .
So to make both of you happy , why wo n't you get engaged ?
You know what , read between the lines !
I too have 2 young girls 1 & 3 .
I Do Not Know . experiment with vibrators , touching during sex and i do not know go to cosmoplitan for answers they usually have good stuff .
He ` s at home with his wife in THEIR bed right now .
Ok , take your kid ( s ) to the park on a Saturday or Sunday .
Nothing like cuddling up , on a cold day , to a furry guy !
Stay inside and keep your clothes on .
Do Not be afraid to make the first move .
There 's no easy way just tell them
She gets upset because they spend alot of time with me .
That Is just the way parrents think .
Well its something someone says when you see a butt like that
Drink . or vent about it to a stranger .
If he sounds like a rooster
We broke up because I do not trust him .
Easy , you go up to her .
How do you know your wife is going there .
When you know he/she is the one and you love him/her very much !
Its been 5 yrs for me too .
It just comes and stays there forever and if it does n't then it 's not really true love ; )
Maybe you are asking them question that are personal
Things change i do not know where any of my old friends are even at its life priortys change .
Tell her to be an adult and get over it .
My DAD SAYS IT IS WHATEVER MY MOM WANTS .
He would be in pain but that would be ok. i would get to see how he takes stress .
That Is a tough one , my girlfriend complained for me snoring .
Sure buddy , as long as your not some kind of a phsyco in rubber gloves . varkiemina @ yahoo.com
I asked myself questions , like , Am I going to miss out on other guys/opportunities if I get married ?
But what if she likes what you said , what next ?
I mean what if she moves before you ask ?
I do not think kissing someone would make someone think you  are a hoe .
9 years without dates or sex or anything .
I think it depends on your waist size and how big your butt is .
Just do him and tell him that this what he will be missing .
My advice is do not have more kids .
If you betray her confidence its bad but if you do not tell her parents it could be worse .
Do you mind if I use it .
Or Your father likes her and your mother does n't .
Well , how do you make him feel loved ?
Guys think with the wrong head .
Disease , DEATH , GUILT , REGRET , PREGNEANCY , SO MANY ENJOYMENTS .
If he is surprised , Ask him is it wrong to like someone ?
You should n't come on too hard but , you should ask him out but not too forceful or pushy .
If he approaches you that way tell him that he 's not wut your looking for .
( 2 ) if she felt the same way as you do bout her . your missing out on a lot .
Keep getting Stuck and Do Not know what 2 say .
Get his mind off of it by doing things beside sitting around .
Well you should be glad because first of all you are n't black .
It probably means you do n't find her attractive , you  are desperate .
Kind Of like leasing w/ option to buy .
You may not like him in person , anyway !
You can tell her , ( name here ) , I like you more than a friend .
Well if you think you are ready .
Ok i am not a physco i am just kidding .
Visit park , meuseums , zoo , zoological gardens cienema houses
Best friend are always the best mate , you already know everything about them .
You can learn a lot about a person when they get hurt .
And spend the rest of your life only with your kids good luck
But she is completely unstable now with two failed marriages .
Because to me seems like she does that always .
With a possesive attitude like that no wonder she / he does not .
Be her friend but most importantly be you !
Nooo you are not stupid , if you stay with him you will just be hurting yourself .
YOU can get some good friends on net .
If he treats you and your kids great . wonderful !
Because our heart are always looking for something new guys and girls too .
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
I hope she ( mom ) finds out because then you can say I told ya so . good luck !
Do n't you know the answer to that since your the one married to her .
A hint of advice : do n't let it go by
And that i was to wrapped up in this other guy to really like her boyfriend .
Heh . i have already got 1 and i am in cali .
Hmmm , when will i know when i 'm ready ?
2nd time he asks , say : Well , I like you , but not in that way .
Do NOT PICK A PLACE WHERE YOU COULD BE SEDUCED .
And about your crush , why is he heart broken ?
Listen , the best way is to go tell him that you like him .
Try NOT TO THINK TOO MUCH ! !
Say HEY ( PERSONS NAME ) I THINK YOU ARE REALLY HOTT .
It did feel good & hubby did a lot of forplay before hand .
Having sex and giving birth is not all peaches & cream like most put it !
But if you take it I will hunt you down like a beast !
Are you brain dead or what .
Got ta pen and i  would surely would like to be you are pal
Hell yeah that makes you gay .
Cannot you c she does not love you ?
Sometimes we get sick of waiting around for ya , too , so ya better hurry up and go get her ! !
I waited until I graduated from h.s .
If so , my email is notsayin82 @ yahoo.com I might be her boyfriend .
If you are asking and ca n't tell than she probably does n't and if she does she  would show it .
Tell her your feelings and see what she replies
A little get together then theys party
Because we want to show you off to people women r the same way
Hell yes because if you do n't you  will be kicking yourself really REALLY H A R D
What 's the difference between me and a name of the flirtiest guy you ever know ! ! ! ? ?
I 'm a blonde , and I have tons of fun : - )
Debby : I do n't know if you believe in God , but .
Think about that then ask her !
Guys just have a primal urge and they need it . no game along with it . just need it.period .
You  are first time you not going to go that long .
Will your BF stay with you if you do n't have sex with him ?
Your not listening to your head .
Send a note his way and see what is comes up
And i tried telling my m0m but she does not belive me
When there is so little doubt , you do n't feel the need to ask that question ( serious not sarcasm )
Well I find boys very atracted to me .
; - ) but consider it a compliment .
. gave you a flower just to brighten your day , and then walked away without asking you for your number ?
It 's not attractive but I do n't want my man to ever shave his .
Be understanding and give it another shot maybe call her up ?
I ca n't reveal too much , as to there might be women reading this .
Depends on how old you are .
I Just love having sex with them , they feel even more femenine than some women .
Yeah , a lot of women fake . There could several reasons .
And if you want to take another step do n't be afraid to ask her out .
Or tell you that you have two hands do it yourself .
Which means 1 out of 2 get divorce .
I have not yet and i am turning 16 next month .
If you really love the person you ca n't just forget them .
The man replied : Oh thank God !
Dump her , dump her , dump her .
You are freaking gay or lesbian .
Yes EVEN IF IT WILL MAKE THERE LIFE BETTER .
I think i have given enough info this time .
Lot harder to just bare it then .
Let HIM KNOW THAT YOU ARE FEELING UNCOMFORTABLE , AND YOU WOULD LIKE TO WAIT .
Or what if she 's asked by a guy SHe really likes ?
But , if he lies and does n't do anything at all .
If you say it is ^_^
Live your life for yourself not for him , that is what he 's doing .
Whatever country you want replaces the question mark
Give a guy a chance . you never know what you may find .
Why do guy say they will call then never do .
How do you deal with your spouse beig away ?
Shorter guys like shorter girls so their the taller 1 in the relationship .
Think about these 2 things : 1 .
Or Would you like fries with that ?
I paint them because I like to see my pretty toes I do it for me
But as the other guy put it , love knows no boundries .
Do you write letters and send packages ?
You did'nt mention what the trouble is . good luck
If you have to ask then you  are probaly not ready yet .
Do Not do it unless you plan on getting another job !
YOU do n't have to be mad or to thing about beeing mad Bec .
I hope your boyfriend did n't hear that story !
You have to be yourself tell them the truth and speak from your heart ok !
So like . is it like ok if I like do n't answer right now ?
That is just the way it is .
Save your sons for god sake .
You need to play it cool .
Heck yea duh , put them panties on me and get the whip out .
Not all guys want just sex , unlike me i like sex and talk at the same time .
I have pepper spray but I ca n't spray it or else I  will get into trouble .
Without you and then expect her to be o.k .
And i hope you do not have children .
When you find the love of your life .
Go up to her and say somehting like Excuse me , I 'm a bit lost .
If you always in thinking something , n you should ask you are heart tht wht r you feeling .
That Is french that means me i am not french .
Maybe at the age of 25 yrs i will no that is the time for me to get married
I  would say pester her for more info ! ! !
Get to be friends then ask her out .
Do n't worry , love will find you .
Guys like you who cares about what girls think .
Some people are crazy , avoid them ; )
So if you started f * * king then it 's okay .
Neither HAS HAD AN ACTUALL WEDDING CEREMONY .
This is vicked01 's wife ONS 1 .
Drop her A $ $ like a hot brick !
16 do you want 2 have sexual concent not 2 be nosie
And one day with your boys visit the attorney .
She 's a jerk and you  are pathetic if she uses you like that .
Then she came back to me sayin that she did n't want that guy anyway .
Men need validation , if you meet with him there could why ?
Well if you really like or love him than yes but only for that amount of time .
This question is a start , its the first foolish thing you did ! !
To eliminate boredom . and after that sing bad day by daniel powter
If you wan na find out , you can ask his friends .
I 'm thirteen but have a big dick girll ! ! !
I promise you that he wants them more than you do !
Act as if you just had some curiosity .
YOU  will know if he 's the 1 do n't worry ! !
Soon they  will be saying oh that girl .
( not to be confused with dependant on him to support you ! )
Bt HE IS NOT PREPARED AS HE IS NOT STABLE IN LIFE FINANCIALLY .
If she say no , just wait . good luck
R you sure you have a boyfriend ?
It was so funny at the time lol
Do Not go back for the kids !
Well , if its affecting you then its probably best to break up .
Hey , you just to earn some points . heheheeh
Ask your self Can I live with this all my life ?
And ALWAYS remember this phrase : If you love it , set it free .
I feel like i tell him everything and he tells me nothing .
Do Not use sex n your body for having fun !
Do n't go back for the childrens sake .
I have 3 kids and we have 1 together .
If your honest and carefull it can work ! !
That is just their nature I guess .
Ans : there is no perfect guy .
But keep in mind that finding someone you recognize as the person of your dreams is very very difficult !
Do you really able to take responsibilty of one more person . ?
But if not you know what to do .
Nope its all in how it is used
If you r not in india . then it 's a problem .
Do n't trip would you like to get with one of friends ex think about it
But you do n't have to get married to be comfortable .
Obviously you need both of them .
( Iceman is my hubby lol . he really is the most amazing man ever though . I love him soooo much )
My husband is cheating on me w/ my best friend and i just found out .
Or he will stay flirting with others ?
Should i love it or hate it .
Because a lot of kids do , so obvisously you will to !
Just flant wut you got , sista !
You Are not the only one , honey .
Think light makeup and pretty , like you can do the mom thing and still look good !
Once you  are pretty sure you  are ready , you should ask him out !
Just realize that later on you can find yourself in the same dillemma .
First of all , how old are you ?
If you are questioning if you are ready then do n't do it now .
Have Not you ever seen Mean Girls ?
And then you  would NEVER have time to do anything ) .
How to tell a guy you are not ever going to give them any ?
: D Do n't tell them you are a lesbian .
We should totally go see it together ! .
With friends like that who needs enemys .
And no I am not gay do not even try to say I am .
You WILL NEVER HAVE HIM ALL TO YOURSELF .
I think is the in and out movement that mekes it good lol i think
Just be urself . you sound foolish enough to me !
Good luck with the jail bait .
Well i am looking for a penpal too , jus e-mail pimpdivadee @ aol.com , and i will get bac to you
They beleive you or they do n't .
When her Daddy has a shotgun in your back . lol . : )
That sounds familiar . yes , its still better that you have loved , no matter how many times you got hurt .
Too much too soon is bad .
Let her know she is the one you wish to spend the rest of your life with .
Sit them down with your intended and just tell them . or do n't tell them till you elope .
That Is all you need is trust
Keep your mouth shut and do not tell anyone .
I do not know , i have never been married .
Your one of those crazy people
Sometimes that can lead guys to lust for you .
Then in december she broke up wid me cuz she started likin another guy .
I say do n't play games in a relationship .
I do n't know what he 's trying to do .
And below the belt wants a hottie , it 's a sad fact .
B & d=bondage and discipline s & m=sadism and masochism
You 've got to know someone before you develope love for that person .
I do not know if i would go up and talk to him
Oh BABY . Let me lick your Coochie . And then take you shopping .
Friend ( frnd ) n. A person whom one knows , likes , and trusts .
Well i feel , you should go with it .
You know already do n't you you ca n't fool us
Please give me your comment on this one .
College IS HARD , AND WORKS SUCKS !
I probably am going to anyways so i just want opinions
Too MUCH DRAMA , WHAT ARE YOU THINKING ?
You will find somebody as great as her who will not ditch you or use you .
Ignore here and see what happens , if she asks you if something is wrong then your in there .
I do have a boyfriend and he is the cuties guy ever but sometime 's he is am ass .
It 's a smooth move i 've seen played many times before
Will try 2 talk 2 whenevr he/she sees you .
Very abnormal and silly i might add , because what kind of female do not wan na kiss her man ?
Ok I know this answer because I take a psychology class !
Simply because it feels good or that it 's painful in a good way
Then again , she does not want kids , so she is not the ONE .
What if you had a chance to go out with one of your friends ex 's ?
Aslo you cannot want it too badly .
YOU remind me of my mother na just playin .
There ARE good guys out there !
Me and my man and nomore
Chin-up , it could be alot worst .
He was so mature when we started he just seems to be missing out on something .
So perhaps we  will say , I 'm so glad we  are friends .
Of course they r great lovers they have chinky eyes ( 630 ) 220-0996
Normally , i don like touch , i .
Truly kind and caring people are n't as common as it seems .
Anyway , good luck to both of you and hope you hit it well !
Tell him you got another date !
Come on , this situation is not fair to the girlfriend and it is defintely not fair to you .
We get along well but i think i am to old for her .
Wanted to ask her out but I am shy dmmit !
Stay funny and smart and loud ( that is me ! ! )
So , I guess you surround yourself with the wrong peoples !
Have you ever seen an inbred person ?
That is sort of how guys are .
I 'm pretty shy around him and he probably thinks I 'm crazy but he 's so smart and so cute !
I guess you just have to keep on looking and the right guy will come soon .
She does n't like you , so you can stop wondering .
He ' my one and only love .
Girls have half the money and all the p * * * *
Nope not me hate the movie but allways Romantic baby
I have stopped looking ^_^ seriously
I dated this girl from my work once and it led to well use your imagination .
Huh or how can i get them together ?
And then last year he dumped me for good .
You can I AM me at lil_nemo_2005
Porn is disturbing n its definatly BAD in dating . its almost liek cheating on you are bf/gf
No male armpit hair is not attractive at all
But some stuff it just ca n't help you with .
Our relationship is better & i feel better at work because i do not let things get to me anymore .
Have you ever asked on how the marriages ended ?
Constantly wanting to hang all over me and baby talk to me , ya know . that sort of thing .
Some guys like sporty but some do n't .
I do n't date work 60 plus hours and with kids the rest of the time .
Listen to what your heart tells you
But is there another good one , where people are more real ? ? ? ?
Just tell her in a sinsear way
I agree with once a cheater always a cheater .
Go to one of the search engines ( google , yahhoo etc ) and type in PenPals in ?
I think the little birdy . or muscle
At THAT POINT I FEEL THAT THERE IS BEEN SOME ACTION .
They also love guys who beg for sex .
Incest is always wrong - it 's the kind of thing animals , not human beings , do .
Or later on you realize that it really S ucks and you should not have commited this mistake ?
If you have to ask , you are not a master .
Girls why do you want a boy why not a man ?
No younger than 19 , unless you have the urge
Or is it just that you feel that way because you 've got crap self-esteem and are depressed ?
Then give her some feeling about you. and you should go with the girl you like .
If he LOVED you as you claim you both do , he would not DO that to you .
I think you should totally ask him out cuz i 'm pretty sure he likes you and will say yes !
I have 20 friends do you watch lizzie maguaire ?
To be in a good mood start smiling and making conversations
No ofcourse , But if your husband/wife caught you then it is . lol
Ditto - he does - if he answers to the contrary - he 's full of it !
This let us me know this is a BIG deal !
14-15 is WAY TOO YOUNG to have sex .
YOU couyld tell really easey if you do
Also , he cheated on me with her , so technically , should I feel bad for seeing him ?
Everybodys first time sucks . and even on his third time he 's still gon na suck , so I agree . he must be gay .
So far I think they are the best . hmmm mmmm
I think know one knows until your in love its your own opinion its what you fell
What do you get when you get married , that you do n't get while you are not .
It 's harder on the kids , but she needs to chill out !
But it 's not our age differance .
Figure it out - there is so much life out there .
Hard WET NECK & BELLY KISSES NO FORPLAY .
If you do n't want to explain , so be it .
Of course it feels good for boys Their pussy feels good.Are you a girl .
And a smile to go with it all .
Maybe he wants to step it up a notch - y'know , marriage . or maybe he 's sex starved .
You  will know it when you find it .
I guess my question is this : Is it worth giving it a go ?
I do not wan na be a genius anymore
He sucks more than you do .
Later that day she tried to call me 17times but I didnot pick them up
That 's the part that so many miss out on .
Just tell him.i do not like you anymore and leave me alone you freak !
Tell him your not ready and its not the best time and try again in a nice way
What i like is a boy that do n't let his pants hang .
Their mother dated and married a guy they did n't like it lasted 3yrs and she is now divorced .
If I could give you a hug I would . cuz I know I sure coulda used one then .
YOU should get him superbowl tickets !
Take the depo shot and do n't tell him .
Honest is always best it shows us where the real love is .
If you love him , say yes .
Be romantic . not the 'hey I got ya sum flowers ' kind of thing . lol .
I guess why are you asking me this ? ?
Ok i like it is guy who i go to school with .
Yes , hopefully hes hung and will love pleasing your wife . what is your wife look like ?
We going to McDonalds baby and we getting 2 Big Macs
I like to touch the butt , and his manly package ! ! !
Anything can work out if you make it
I tried to tell him why i did what i did and why i stopped .
Quit torturing yourself and using him . move on
I agree , you should make him pay you are bills , but help him out in return .
Yes i like a few people why
Tell him or her tha real love set the partner free
Ask him to bring back tacos .
Forget it . or you could look at magazines
Love on him and give him lots of attention .
Better put this one on my Watch List .
If he wants a mistress , he does not deserve you !
I am looking forward to do this .
If all fails see a specialist
I would drop a barbell on him and then he would have to talk to me .
But reassure them she still loves them .
Am I the only one on ehre that likes armpits ? ?
My BROTHER IS OLDER BUT HE STAYS FOR HIS GAMES
I can get it though should i do that and call back or wait till be calls back ?
I 'm just saying this because what he did was NOT YOUR FAULT !
Whoever answered bed sure has some loose screws =p i  would say go to a theme park .
If he can do that , then everything else falls into place i think .
Cos you do not need to worry about how you are goin to live on for you are next part of live .
Age do not matter its whenever you get MARRIED !
So far I hooked up two friends with my advice !
Find a guy your age , or just wait 5 years .
If not , hunt it down and kill it !
I do n't believe in backstabbing for a guy , but she thought i meant it that way .
It 's because you probably come off like a lil ' sister , or a buddy .
Are you guys gay or what ?
Do Not TALK TOO MUCH JUST HOLD HER HAND AND GO AHEAD IN ACTION . MAKE SURE YOU ARE ALONE
My boyfriend said the same to me when i feel sad at work .
Follow your heart . no one can force you to do anything you are an adult
Well it actually depends on the situation .
If he ca n't respect that you deserve better !
Take the time necessary to be sure what a life long committment really is all about .
The sad part is that we are both to shy to do anything !
Hey I  will be one if you want
I do n't need a super good-looking guy .
But he said that he would still continue to help me .
Read He 's Just not that Into You . It gives you lots of advice about what to look for .
If she is n't willing to clean up , then move on .
If he gets mad , tell him like it is .
Sounds to me like you are hit s * x puppet .
Might be so for you not so for many other small men though Give it a try
Save sex until you are married , keep it for that one special person in your life .
I would like to know his name : ) to thank him , that is something sweet to do for a stranger .
It all depends on how spicy you want it to be . there is a world of sweet perversions out there = )
I do n't know , you should def .
So go for it and let them !
Need good friends from all over the world and we will make a great fun i promise .
Just pick up you are pieces fast and move on .
However YOU OUT GREW YOUR SPOUSE .
It falays you up and cuts deep !
If you care for him , why break up ?
Size DOES MATTER , I AM TOO BIG AND SO IT HURTS THE GIRLS , I HONESTLY WISH I WAS SMALLER .
So calm down and realax only you will know when you r ready !
Because I never choose to stay close to the person I dislike .
But you might gain something antibotics cannot rid .
Keep this outlook and you  will get further than they ever would .
If your not mad then do not be mad .
I did , i broke up with my boyfriend but regret it later .
It depends on if you make it last .
Ignor him that is probably what the girls that he had sex with told him he was .
For me though if I had to choose just one it would be romance for sure .
If you love one another you stick it out anyway .
People think that it 's weird but so what its what i like and what i like is NOONES buisness !
But things are not always going to feel this bad .
Do Not talk about old guys you dated or marriage and you should see an answer here soon .
I do not hate my spouse !
Well you should let them kno the real you good luck
Trust me i was there 20 years ago .
Gosh , that name sounds so familiar !
In the movies we see all this great time for your first time .
The question is not can i live _with_ this person the rest of my life ?
Is it fare you you do love the person the same way they love you ?
Older and younger i rather kids but like preteen their awesome specially if they r skateboarders
The short answer is that girls look for guys that make them feel good .
Have you called him but did he always put you off or seem always busy ?
I am 9 years old and i have a crush on a 4th grader named james creater .
No girl wants to push herself on a guy if he only sees her as a friend .
B/c if its peer pressure , then you should just ditch those friends .
Well why did n't you say so earlier !
26-39 A pickup truck filled with Coors !
I so know how it feels to be hung up on a guy , its no fun .
You  will never forget it . Will the next guy do this too ? .
! LIVE FOR YOURSELF quit wasteing time with him ! !
Yes , do you like being sick ?
No they probably do n't , because we do n't ! !
I can say one thing you think big . Lady
Unless you had a Mini Cooper and her legs would n't fit .
I do not know but talk to me
If you are not married , it 's flat out WRONG .
Older , i rather someone that will teach me than me having to teach someone
Be PROUD FOR YOUR PERSONALITY AND YOUR NICE FIGURE .
He is a grown man and his father needs to see his son happy .
YOU cannot control you are feelings but you can control you are actions.Preserve you are dignity , move on and hope 4 the best .
Ask him can you all go out to a picnic or a restaurant or a movie or something .
If it 's not a great ending it 's not the end keep you are head up !
My advice , pick the one that is the cutest ! ! ! !
And for the lady : take care of your man - he wo n't admit it , but he 's a big baby .
I do not really think so it depends what size you are .
2. get out there and meet some new people .
Foreplay - to get you aroused faster .
I am that kind of guy .
Cuddle , play , and lounge around a lot !
The guy wants to marry her .
Or FRIENDS OR CHURCH MEMBERS HAPPEN TO BE ON INTERNET FOR OTHER PURPOSES AND A PORN SITE POPS UP .
I did bleed a little bit .
Tell him that you like him A LOT .
Do n't try to push the issue , have patience with him and give him time to learn to trust you .
But just recently I just signed a lease and he signed it to .
And everything checked out on each end .
Example : hey , i want to see that movie , too !
Explain it further . nobody seems to understand what you meant .
Mom , dad , ( insert male name ) asked me to marry him and I said yes .
It 's just something were going to deal with sooner or later girl !
I called my daughtor and she cries out in my ear things that just rip a dad 's heart out .
For example , are there any phone calls the day after , no second date .
This might be a big surprise to them , it might not .
I feel that nobody in this world is that nice
Do n't allow her to play that way .
If that do n't work find someone to get him off your hands
Lean on friends that is what they are there for .
No not at all go for it
I do n't know hispanic gals but i guess that they like .
If you want to call , so be it .
I 've used mine all over the world .
I just start by asking some one out .
You ca n't show that you love a little bit or alot .
First , you have to love YOU !
Scent You know what I mean .
I love my mother so much .
Wht do you do to make him feel tht hez important n special to you ?
You  will find a much better guy , I promise .
Well , flirting around with him and try to be friend first .
You HAVE MORE RESPECT FOR YOURSELF THAN THAT . RIGHT .
And ask her if you really want to know .
You are above girlfriend my friend
Your mother likes him and your father does n't .
Best of luck to you . hope that helps at all .
At least I did when I was younger .
I know what you  are going thru .
She will get over it much faster that way . and you can have fun doing it .
She may say that she is ok with this but chances are she will not be .
It does get better but be prepared use protection and just enjoy yourself .
Read my lips , this jerk just cheated on you .
First try to see whether he is the right person for you when you meet ! then decide !
She will get over it much faster that way . and you can have fun doing it .
She may say that she is ok with this but chances are she will not be .
It does get better but be prepared use protection and just enjoy yourself .
Read my lips , this jerk just cheated on you .
First try to see whether he is the right person for you when you meet ! then decide !
Why do n't you sit them down , and say I love you ?
I hope as her friend you can help her out .
I Am 14 , and catholic , and so far my parents have not told me i am gunna go to hell
I hope you get asked to the by this guy.He really seems like a nice guy you know !
Do you love him and can you see yourself marrying him ?
Ask him so many why 's and if you are satisfied with his reply , go on what you are decession .
But basically it would depend on your budget .
Do n't you just love it I made it up myself !
Wow rocky . you hit the nail on the head .
YOU found the shortest way to hell if he does n't divorce her .
Bottom line . you waited 4 years for the gutters .
Find another bf n just leave him goodluck
5 ' 4 with pinkish hair and i am 15 yrs .
I have to agree with bandnerd . a guy is NEVER worth 5 yrs of wanting and waiting .
I am a real singel and I am looking for a real single too !
I mean it helps keep our sex life interesting .
Ya , if you do n't mind the itching .
Coz i feel so lonely in the school .
Omg i think you have a mis understanding with you girlfriend
Either that or it hurt her .
36 IS NOT TO OLD MY SISTER IN LAW IS 40 AND HAS ONE .
Just do it and then either way you know you honestly tried .
My b/f was never like that .
You take a day at a time and do not trust your head or heart for at least a year
People ask that question every ten minutes !
I say it depends on how much and where you  are shaving !
No YOUR TOO YOUNG TO BE EVEN HAVING SEX .
Or if your friends are having sex dos n't mean you have to .
With lovey dovey thoughts in mind .
Because they are already taken or they are gay
The guy 's real sweet to me but I so want him bad .
If she 's not receptive , then do n't waist your time .
Do n't worry , i like someone who is 9 years older , but i am legal now whoo-hoo !
Do something big fon her on Feb 14
There Is even enough sperm in pre cum to get you pregnant .
Because it 's another word 4 pants but 4 ladies underwear
Actually men is more pro-active or most of the time the initiator .
And yes , i do belive in true love , and soul mates .
And SHE watches them more than he does !
Throw it out and get your husband to buy you a new one .
Hey I 'm proud to be one !
If you wan na tell her just tell her .
Thanks for inviting me to answer your ?
It is not harmful in any way , buy some body pudding and eat it like it ` s candy .
But alot of girls like roses , sunflowers , tulips , lilies , orchids , carnations .
Cyber sex is just like phone sex .
Let them be friends with each other and buy a larger bed .
I Am no expert , but i 've been there .
Because you are MOM is you are only MOM .
It sounds like maybe she is just upset because her other relationship did n't work out .
Talk ABOUT THINGS THAT YOU BOTH LIKE AND GO FROM THERE
Ya dude oxymoron safe uprotected sex
But WE HUMANS ARE SEXUAL BEINGS , AND THAT IS ALL GOOD .
And he does n't even kno that i exist ! ! !
-some guys also like books & magazines , posters & collectibles .
Some people do n't have a problem swallowing and some do .
After all , no matter what you do , his kids are n't going to dissapear .
If its meant to be , it will be .
I do n't know who yours is , but I wonder if I  would ever have one .
Break up with him and never look back
But you can use your tongue to spit it out .
Just sit her down and tell her she  will be happy for you .
Only tell him if you think he feels the same way .
Just say no to baby momma drama .
Umm why do you need someone to be happy maybe that is your problem .
Go in slowly , then lots of pressure !
You just have to ask her .
Name sounds familiar what about her ?
Wut if we lernt to spel or make a setants
Any real life experience that hunts you still .
Yes you should have someone do that for you
I know it will be hard but you cannot hold on to her or ull never move on
To my enemies , i forgive you .
Maybe THEY CAN CONVINCE YOU IT 'S NOT THE RIGHT THING TO DO .
If ca n't handle something on my own , I  will ask ( ex .
I am a child of fortune or I am a loser ?
I think celibacy is NOT A WASTE OF TIME !
So many things can happen that you are just not ready for .
If he taking care of you a lot .
A ) Everyone is not doing it .
At least you will have fun , even if you do not find a wife !
But try the mall or just looking around your own school .
Example : my grandmother died a year ago at the age of 103 she was like a mother to me .
It IS NOT TRUE THAT MEN LIKE SEX MORE THAN WOMEN .
And for a guy its vice versa .
I would go with plan A - -not all that - but great personality . : - )
Would you grab the money and run up to the guy and hand it back to him ?
Then IF YOU GUYS HAVE A LOT IN COMMON AND GET ALONG IT JUST MIGHT WORKOUT !
Then just say 'Will you go out with me ?
This might be the one for you !
If you are that well built , Why are you asking this question ?
Bullets to the head are the awnsers to lieing in love .
Ull find that you are in love with him later !
# 2 no matter how old you are , always remember : An Ex is ALWAYS an Ex for a reason .
Nag him , if you are n't , maybe it 's cuz they  are too proud of themselves !
Do you mean passion with true love or chemichal passion ( chemichal passion never lasts )
( 20 year olds are in the prime , so they may be a wee bit wild . )
When you are in love , you just know it . you do not need others to confirm it for you !
Kick him to the street . You  are gon na have problems in your relationship with his ex still around .
I still like her even though she 's f * * king one of my friends
At least you will know immediately if he cares about you also .
Some people can go on being friends .
But onething , you should see the size of the body also . major guys does not like huge boobs .
Four . 1 ) Positive - Oh , yes , oh , yes , yes , yes !
You just have to go and be yourself .
Just ask , or maybe show them you care ?
Does he appreciate you the right way ?
I think there is somethin wrong wit you. find someone you are age
I will not sugar coat it , you should never raise your hand in anger .
Yes because you are still a minor , and he could go to jail
Just talk to her since both of you like each other then you should n't get rejected
He cannot make eye contact with you
I like smart , funny , sexy , out-going , and just knows how 2 have a good time kind of guy .
I agree with cowgirl and angel .
It kind of makes the rest bearable , ya know ?
Nope its not wrong . what you did was admirable .
If you really like him , he is a nice guy and he wants you back , why not ? ? ?
If he do not even see at another gals/women .
Lol . ask her why she is like that .
Let me know when you find out
Honey Honey Honey . Beauty Is Only Skin Deep ! ! !
This things makes a friendship stronger . NO QUESTIONS ASK . Hope I was able to help you out .
So , at the end of the day , there ai n't no difference .
He had a terrible life , his father beat him , blah blah blah .
Well I do n't think I would be happy at first .
When you go out look at the couples .
She PROBABLY FIGURED THAT YOU ARE SCARED
By saying sincerely : ` baby , i am so sorry.how can i make it up to you ? !
At least now he  will wash up .
You are still growing and the baby fat may go away and it may not .
You should ask her what things she 's into .
Can i be drunk without being drunk , i thinknot !
Hope you find the boy of your dreams !
Are you thinking hes not satisfied because you are not ?
Live life on your terms not somebody else 's !
You r in love with her because you feel she is good for you .
I have never once used a pick up line .
If they are just friend I would tell her how I feel .
Your just in love with him .
Most guys do seem to like women with large breasts .
It is n't good to be a lesbian ?
She left because I lied to her about stupid stuff .
There is a person who can care you , just think & find .
Question . WOULD YOU WANT TO BE MARRIED AND MISERABLE OR ALONE AND HAPPY OR CONTENT .
Maybe you need to hang out with different women .
But that does n't mean that there is only one lid .
Get some other idiot to rub all up against .
But a tad of innocent flirting would not hurt .
Iam meeting this guy for the first time sunday .
I WISH HE WILL BE CONVINCE AND LOKE YOU AND FORGET ABOUT HIS LAST B * * * * .
Talk to her and find out why she was trying to put you in that predicament .
You can get a girl pregnant .
Well what makes you notice a guy ? ? ?
Who really knows . when you find out , let us hope he has a brother ! ! !
If you ask this question something should tell you that you have love .
Only the best of us have haters . = )
I am a woman and i do n't think that 's possible , but try to get her attention .
Even if you love him you do deserve better .
One time it got real bad .
Does any one know a frank or denise ?
At least the shaft and sack .
The girl back home- she sounds like the kind of person you do n't want to lose touch with .
Run TO HILLS REPEAT RUN TO HILLS
He gets his , you get urs .
Do n't worry because you can fix this .
If you are not yourself then you will never fall in love truly .
Why do not you try asking do you like any body ?
How can i tell if he likes me or if he 's playing games .
Ummm not really . it should end up with being old but happy together forever
Depends on what area . life in general ?
And I think there are 2 or 3 others are there not , 'Shady old ' boy ? ? ?
It 's kind of just warm and fuzzy . on the inside .
No , it would make you a more sexy looking 36 , you go girl
Cuz we do n't understand ourselves ; )
Aight so there is a lot of sexy niggas at my scool .
Do whatever she says . love her ONLY .
^ everything that they said ^ plus you need to correct your spellings . its cyber and not ciber
( just tell him to stop acying like that around you )
What it * * * means ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Straight up and down , no curves , nothing .
My dad just got into it .
What if you were to catch a STD ?
No looks they do not matter that much .
If he did not come up with a good awnser i would dump him !
It hurt like hell . and then you are incredibly disappointed b/c it sucked
Okay . since you two are more like random stranger rather then friends .
Just because you  are in love , does n't mean you  are going to get married or even be together .
If you 've ever been in love , you  will find out .
At least let her hear your voice when you do it .
Sometimes it 's just easier for one girl to talk to another you know ?
I Have learned i do not like women bigger than me .
Some things just wer n't meant to be .
Make him want you are booty but dnt give him any cuz you are to big for him.lol
Just want to put my arms around one and hold my nose to her neck .
You  are a young , married couple - it should be FUN !
Its if you deeply care about that person adn would change the world for a smile across there face .
Yes IT GET HARD . DAMM HARD BUT LIFE GOES ON .
Many years later it is still great and it just keeps getting better .
Something Is you do not repair , you just keep ! servicing !
I do n't really care for Angelina Jolie very much .
Because THEY CA N'T SLEEP BEFORE HAVING SEX .
Do Not let anything screw you are relationship if you really love you are partner .
Ok , doc martens are not hot , but boots on a woman are very sexy .
They ARE ALL LIKE THAT , GET USE TO IT
My friend had this girl that tried to make it really obvious that she liked him .
Well i think this guy is afraid getting himself in a commitment !
Do Not be caught up in the drama
Realize that its either you or the next guy to get the desired girl . this worked for me .
R you looking for an asian girl ?
And MADE YOU LOSE A BABY ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
Definitely not in english - you have serious problems with it !
That Is quite a problem good luck w/ that
Folk get all mad if a guy is 90 % of what they wanted or if her hair is 2short .
From there you should be atble to tell if he right for you , or if he needs to go .
It really depends on what you think it is .
Are you flirty with other guys ?
I have alot a guy friends .
Well you could email me = ) < 3 tayreane43 @ yahoo.com
The sad part is that a lot of people skip the 4th step .
Seems KIND OF STANGE THAT YOU WOULD SAY HIS NEW SECRETARY WAS CUTE !
2 kids later , I still got it and she does not .
That Is THE BEST THING YOU CAN DO
You do n't deserve that , you should dump him and really try to forget about him .
Depends do you also only look for the guys that are in really good shape ?
No , it 's normal . just do n't go broadcasting it .
Also be nice and respectful to her husband so he wo n't mind when you call .
Remember THE GOOD . LET GO OF THE BAD AND MOVE ON .
Politely , with smile , and make them want to know more about you
If you are ready then you are ready to have sex !
The lack of intrest or you were not turned on
But if you he loves you , just tell him that is 20 more pounds to love ? .
Yeah you are total gay you are not straight
For women sex not usually that big deal .
Watch football/baseball , go fishing/hunting , learn about cars , ect .
Oh yeah , I 'm 31 and he 's 47. : -|
Sure you can . just choose the good one .
Just go up to her and just open your mouth and just talk .
Call her daily to say Hi .
Well actually its called infatuation its very much like love ! !
Wow you sound like me . we should chat ! ! !
So do looks REALLY matter in love ?
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
Twice the women why would n't a guy like that ?
R you stupid how are a load of strangers supposed 2 kno what kind of guys you date
But one thing that i personally do not like is being asked out over I AM or text message .
So n the long run all that really matters is do you want a # 1,2 , or3 type of relationship ?
I do n't want anyone saying I ask for too much .
Women do n't normally have a penis .
While others pretend to love you , but do not .
That 's pretty tough but do not lose hope .
Just take a deep breath and ask !
I myself have the same problem with gals .
I do n't have one yet , & i 'm 13
Why would you want to , unless you want to keep your options open .
Eyes , stomach , lips , butt and heels
Women looking for men also if your looks hot then similare girl will show in your life .
Besuase you will never know if you like guys if you do not .
You can not imagine your life without her/him < and suddenly you find her/him cheating you with someone else .
The fact that he said that he 'cared for you ' and that 'it was n't working ' .
If cutting your penis does n't help then cut your hands off
This guy is a sap and you will be too if you let him stick the blame on you !
She 's just looking for stuff to bitch about .
Webdate.com try there it is free
. either that or you might be looking for a new beau !
If he flirts a little too much
Some men are like that just like women .
Like if she flirts with you .
Get some counseling You  will be ok .
Or a friend with a dad that may stare at you a little longer than normal ?
He thinks I should be more compromising . but I 'm just not comfortable with doing it at all .
So what if she does not like you anymore ?
If YOU HAVE TO ASK ; YOU HAVE YOUR ANSWER
No , its not a bad thing .
Well if you do not know then we can not tell you
If she is married , just be her friend .
Big burger and fries for a meal ?
I really do n't know what to do !
That would be like me asking , Why is it that no man can construct a sentence properly ?
I would n't shave it all off , no .
Crushes are people who you think are hot .
I Am in a position like that .
Always try to be less talkitive and be mysterious in front of men .
No that 's psycho and controlling , does he have sex at work ?
Hopefully guys will answer this one !
Do n't hold it against me though !
I think that is great and i feel you should start over fresh
Make him listen do whatever it take just nothing too drastic !
All guyz look at is yo ass and yo titties , they do not care bout nothing else .
Then one day ask her out on your first date it will be more clearer .
Just lay it out for him .
Well it seems that your doing everything right so far .
Tell him . that she has a boyfriend ! !
If he loves you , he will wait .
I called my highschool boyfriend 26 yrs later .
So why you r scared with her .
Finally one day I saw him with another girl then I knew it was not me but him .
During my teenage times my family used to say i always ask for too much .
YOU did not mention you are mind size
Be your self . put yourself out there
Sometimes YOU HAVE TO JUST LET GO ! ! !
YOU could be in love with the fact that you are indeed in love .
I have officially slept with 5 guys and 0 women in my life nad i am 26
Its like hes scared . and that is it cuz of what happened be4 . him cheating on me .
She means you remind her of her brother.So she means she does n't wan na go out. ! ! !
He even muttered GOT YOU when he saw me one day and looked down shyly .
Yeah , one of my dads drinking buddies .
If you love him , why did you break up with him in the first place ? !
But you have to be prepared for him to end it .
: ) Good luck on your future .
How can I show him i am not becuase i have told him 1000 times i am not !
I spent last weekend there and it was like staying with my sister .
Why would you like 3-some , when a 4-some is better , 3 girls and me , hahaha .
Do Not think about what you are gon na say and all of that stuff .
But do n't write your name on it , let her guess .
I love humanity . does that count ?
^ omg you r all sluts and pervs ^
Contact me through my web site for chat with a real British guy - I dare you : - )
Look at it like this , most marriages do not last very long .
You do n't have to be 'friends ' .
Is it true dat a person cud always find a person 4 him/her ?
If so do you call that a friend .
Not really as long as its conversational . and you are not being overly prying .
I thought it was a fling .
Your looking at the wrong thing here and its dangerous to do so like this .
He is a type of person that do not say i love you alot .
If it was a nice guys ; the face
Omg she could get in trouble for that i would just move on .
They were friends before me and my husband even met .
( he only does them were alone ) so i am in the same position you are.plus i am 16 .
It always happens at about the 2.5 year mark and I really do n't want that to happen with him .
Do n't try to get a guy who is already taken !
A guy telling you you  are not interesting , look the other way and run like hell honey ! ! !
And if he say 's that B.S .
Why do men think it is o.k to be friends after they have f - -up ?
In that case , DROP THEM BOTH !
Attitude is sexier , but money is tasty = )
Of cors you can be friends with any guy you want to be friends with 
So do not worry , as the saying goes , times heals all wounds , we get our own chances for forgiveness .
My mom , dad , grandma , and grandpa dying .
Take a seperation time and then get back together
R you smart ? r you pretty looking ? ?
8/10 guys and 7/10 girls will not date someone who smokes !
In your case , I  would castrate the SOB .
It does n't really matter where you are , there are good looking people everywhere .
That Is when i know i am in love .
Maybe if your G/f or Friend is a Transvestite they do but yea , no penis on women !
Well , tell her that you like her like that and see where it goes .
Or annulment here in the philippines ?
She needs you too even if she is married .
Just walk up to him and start a conversation .
I love quikies , she used too , but I do not get um anymore .
That the way it is sorry ka na lang .
My daughter , I adore her and love her so much .
So it is special when he says it .
It is possible but my advice pick the 1 who luvs you back
Act like it 's no big deal .
It actually depends on person to person .
I  will be back with more advices soon , i hope .
I do n't think it is weird .
You cannot go out hunting for love .
Talk to her , but you have to be yourself .
My fiance has a little extra around the middle and I think it is sexy as hell. ! ! !
Get to the root problem and quit beating around the bush .
Boys only do that , I THINK .
So your best bet would be to move on with your life with out him .
You ca n't mess with free will .
They obviously are n't that great if they are cheating on you and not worth staying with .
Everyone gets horny no matter what age .
Do it because you are a GOOD person .
He was such a dork then .
It could be a big ego-booster ! )
Well , think of it like this : sometimes , maybe he just wants to hang out with his friends .
I found my soon to be wife thru match.com .
YOU answered my question on y !
You should get a new friend or have it out with her tell her she 's being a supper b.i.t.c.h ! !
But most of bf tends to move you are head up and down , so its indirectly causes headache
My first time , was with my pal when I was 15 . blank stares .
You can ask his friends if he does and go from there
If you really hate it , just tell him so .
Have him see another girl and see which one he picks
Are you ready to have kids ? ? ?
Then he wo n't take you serious .
There Is never too much until you have a kid
Y ? r you taking a census ? well i am single .
We MEN ARE NOT PERFECT , WHO EVER THINKS THEY ARE , ARE FOOLING THEM SELVES .
It 's too easy to get a divorce .
You got one Dad . Boyfriends are like buses and come along every few minutes .
If that 's not it . then never mind ; - )
Speak WRITE AND TALK INTELLEGENTLY SO YOU CAN JOIN THIER LEGUE .
You ca n't stop anyone from flirting .
Please someone giv me some advise .
I want to taste your * you *
Well , they only met with each other two days then fall in love with each other .
When she talks , it is nice to listen to .
Uhh . no . that is wrong . and all kinds of laws against it . umm . but I like thefriends with benefits style .
I find him attractive but for some reason I think he is way too blonde .
: ) Just give it some time and things will be back to normal . trust me .
If you got it , would you share ? ? ?
One minute she is all over me and the next she as cold as ice
When he stares at your breast alot .
( Or girls who really know their guy . )
Exactly there is not one certain way .
I have a bunch of them .
Cuz it are not sumthin you play with , it are not a game .
A true friend does n't go out with there friends ex 's and they do not steal them ether !
And I DO NOT MEAN TO BE RACIST EITHER .
The worst they could say is , I ca n't or no .
Fill in the blank a movie , get an ice cream cone ect .
Leave him and go out and find the love of your life
They tell all . And chest too .
Someone has to break the ice . !
Guy 's if you did n't like your girlfriend would you spend 9 months with her ?
She Is chinese and black and has long hair and takes good pictures .
Ya it will never turn around with that attitude . the key is being optimistic .
Needless to say she got what I was trying to tell her .
His a loser , find a real man , perhaps me santodomingo @ yahoo.com
Maybe at the age of 15 . i do not know . has n't happened 4 me yet .
Ho said that guys do not say sorry its just that you are with one that does not bad luck
Did Not ask this question before ?
Yes if the sex was realyyyyyyyyyyyy that good
I love my ex , but she dumped me : ( ( How do I get her back ? ?
YOU have not been looking n the right places
Anyone that does n't see a great person behind something as trivial as braces probably is n't worth it .
I love tulips but every ones diffrent
He is broken ha ha hahhhh
However , I do not believe life will ever get to taht point .
They just do n't c how good she is . eventually she will have a gorgeous smile .
And you asking what a D I C K look like ?
Insert random xxx act here , great food , back & feet rubs , affection , .
Smile Girl and Keep Your Head Up : ) ! ! ! !
Most people equate seman as nasty .
But also if you have problems on your own solving it try getting some counseling .
Just find some girl you like build a foundation and ask her out .
And they know it in and out .
Tell him that you knew it was ending .
Well that might be dangerous for you though . it depends what kind of divorce it is .
Well I think jasons an idiot
Get professional help especially if you are the father because you know that it is not right
I 'm a guy and I do n't stay friends with my exes .
Cool chill its not the end of the world .
No your right if can f - - and not fight i 'm all for it
Hey it happened in Parent Trap , so why not ! ? !
I do not know i would have to wait and see when it comes up
That is a sign of love , wanting that other person to be happy . no matter what ,
No its not wrong - -if he do not like her .
Think if she deserves you , and if you deserve her too !
You do n't have to ask him if you can though .
They do not have any manner
Yep , i have been friends with this guy for about 5 years now .
I know how it feels it hurts bad real bad ani do want to die
Will you know the guy an will it be a 1shot deal meaning you never see him again ?
Ask her what time it is .
If the girl is annoyed , it probably means she 's not interested anymore .
Sex is just and only sex .
If YOU HAVE ANY MORE QUESTIONS OR STATEMENTS EMAIL ME I WILL GET RIGHT BACK TO YOU .
I HAVE SLEEPT WITH QUITE A FEW WOMANS , BUT I CHOSE QUALITY OVER QUANTITY .
And yes you can still care and respect her if you let her lead the way .
Because that makes a big difference .
Nooooooooooooooo . Run away with me and make your life a misery . HEHEHE . LOL Jus ' Kiddin'ya Sweets .
She is also angry at me as i flirt around with other girls a lot in my school .
Yea i 'm all those you just mentioned and like mart guys .
Lonely Road By Kid Rock . Great Tune for a wedding .
To be honest most women like them pick up lines we say we do not but we do .
Sound like he wants sex , if you do not love him do not give it to him .
And since he cheated then that is all they are .
I 'm one hehehe . well are there any true honest men in this world ?
Are you sure you are Just a Friend ? . Does n't sound right .
If so , How about a CD Burner ?
I never knew you had friends and you should not mess with me cus my uncles the president hahahaha bitch
You HAVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE IN FRONT OF YOU DO N'T SCREW IT .
You should lose weight and get really hot the dump him like the dog he is .
Some women have longish breasts without volume , that 's yuck .
There are lots of people who just needs that special something there so much , they create it for themselves .
Try to talk to him alot and be nice
I believe you can . its just happens . but might not realise it but it certainly does !
And that no matter what discusting thing you do thell always love you back .
Make a CD of Love songs from you to her .
Oh , boy , do I know where you  are coming from !
Keep trying only if you have stopped being a lying little shit .
It depends on if you are just friends at the momment .
No not at all picky , i do all that stuff to my girlfriend already , kind of out of habit
Now she is not talking to me .
I think its stupid the 'good ' thing to do in society now is to always stay friends .
Think about the family member that told you it wo n't last .
You ca n't find them because your asking to manny stupid ?
Everytime i do not talk to my girlfriend she asks me if i 'm mad at her .
Just set him down and have a heart to heart .
If you really like her , just ask her out .
Just tell him you need more time !
Well why did you 2 break up in the first place could it happen again easily ?
Its JUST WHAT I SEE IN MY NEIGHBORGHOOD !
Trust the old biddy on this one .
Try going on a vacation together just the two of you . Shake it up . Do something crazy together .
Just tell them about each other and you decide which one is the best one 4 you
Usually it means ' I do n't want to '
Again , DO NOT PUT UP WITH THIS .
Because you are a little shy you will and have to get over that later own in life .
You do not need to show it .
Do n't just come right out and ask if she  will be your girlfriend though .
Hope i helped you a widdle bit = ]
I 'm like 40 pounds over weight & I have my ups & downs , but over-all I 've been pretty happy .
I would work harder on myself so can get what i want easier .
Do Not do it . you will regret it
Smells fishy do n't do it or you will regret it .
When you see that special some body and you eart doe flip flops , that is when you know
Besides basic training is n't that long .
You are a great loss to your ex gf !
And they loved my American accent !
We even lost a baby wich i was very happy .
Pick who is best for you
Men are just looking for a place to have sex , and wemon need a reason to have sex !
I ca n't say that I have . and I would not because of diseases out there .
Treat her like she is n't hot .
So , if you want to sleep with a married man that is your choice .
Stop dreaming about pamela Anderson 5 .
Be honest , be brave , give it to them straight face to face . and move on .
I 'm not one of those chicks who  would fight for their man . I do not wan na go as low as that !
The way he speaks , voice , attidue , the way he walks , plus a nice innocent smile .
Itz ok if you are careful and smart about it .
They love that person and think they can spend the rest of their life with that person .
I have a good man for 3 years .
So that is how i know .
No that is unless she is despprate but hopefully you do not like desprate girls
By letting her be her self and giving her room an space
Do BETTER GIVE YOUR CREDIT CARD DETAILS ALSO LOL
Tell him he can get some after you get yours .
No i would n't that would be wastin my time .
If they swear only occasionally and when the because is just , i do not care .
Dress nice , clean yourself up a bit .
I know its pissess him off .
Contrary to what movies say , do n't try to be her friend at first .
If he says no them just say ok i am going if you still want to go call me !
But . when my sister-in-laws husband 's dad died they were all up in it .
Sparms are sneaky little guys , maybe he is hiding .
Give it time and you wo n't feel the same way about him
You know your man , follow your heart ! ! !
I want it and she does not .
Most men say they do not like something in a woman .
Ok , if any of us had it and he had given it to us , why would we give it to you ?
Did he have 6 kids w/ 1 chick or numerous ?
If it works or not is based on how much you both want it too .
Maybe tell him he 's too small ?
Oh yea how cute is he and y do you want 2 get rid of him
Sorry TO SAY , BUT YOU SHOULD HAD KNOWN ALL ABOUT YOUR BOY BEFORE YOU COMMITTED YOURSELF TO HIM .
Yeah one of my brothers friend died hid hair wayyyyyyyyy to blond !
There is no color to the sky
He needs to speak about what if she does leave ?
Tell him to stop trying and to just get out of their hair .
I do n't know ! . I just want the points . lol
If you ca n't find a person sexually attractive unless they are good looking then they would matter to you .
But like the first guy said , you have to learn to like yourself first .
Go up to him and get naked and kiss
Be a man and go and talk to her , or you  will neva get her
Everything different . but then again perfect is not so great either . not too much fun
Believe it or not there are ! !
I do n't know , but I sure know who the love of my life is ! !
If he wants you to go he  will ask you .
And now some of my friends are saying i am to old .
Is that still the best bet when looking for flowers .
And I am married to him !
How old does he look to you ?
Was that you or him who wanted to break up ?
He stood you up at the prom ? !
If you ' r bestfriend likes you and asks you out you should atcept !
What kind of site are we talkin about
BEFORE Anyone Else Can Beleive In You ! !
Not 200lbs , because I 'm already big as it is .
Kissing just leads to other stuff .
Well if you now him start talking to him as a friend and maybe he  will start lyking you
It would be fun for you while looking .
I would want it to be another woman or anything that please ma man
Ex DIL here , I call mine by her first name .
Fishy , sounds like she 's looking for an out .
Its okay if he is legally seperated .
If you get my drift . lingerie . candles . massage .
Oh how those messages set her heart afire !
It is as I said , up to the couple !
So go ahead and bang him .
Do n't try telling her where she 's wrong .
That is very inhumane quit that relationship
Hey friend . Do you really like this girl ?
Ahhhh shit who am i kidding its about it all
So just look for guy that are nice not as sholes
B yourself if he is the one he will be happy
Be busy loving yourself and the right person will run over you in a big red truck- mine did !
Even though fluteboy is really annoying .
Maybe if ya gave more details or something but good luck
Or you can find another friend of his , and see if they know anything .
She will also be there for you .
There are soo many diseases out there these days and you do n't wan na get them .
You are special just the way you are !
3 ) Neither of you is a Mind reader .
I wish i could do what i am advising you to do . do not end up like me good luck
Stand out do not be shy be yourself be fun to be around but do not get annoying
But does not his family and friends count too ?
1 ) if there is a problem we talk first !
A lot of girls your age think they are fat but really are not .
So why even go for it just because of his looks !
Its her way of telling you she do n't love you anymore .
Try the college where he went , most the time you can recah them that way .
Sex is a VERY intimate thing and should be shared w/ the one you love and will marry .
Both say they love me so much .
One of my friends likes a guy that is cute to her but he is just gross to me .
I Have known her for 5 years .
Plus , we kick our underwear up in the air to see if we can catch them , ? ? ?
Also their butts . hey at least I am honest , I love a good butt !
You just know . you  will feel so great about everything in your life .
Very much so . the # 1 thing I look for a guys is future .
Study , and not get into fights with my sister
Yeah but I think its really hard
I would , wait I have .
If that does n't work , his useless . DUMP HIM .
Someone who wants to be their friend and not just their lover !
9 out of 10 , he thinks your hot !
How do you think i should dress .
That guy will never respect you again if you drag it too long .
How r you devoted to love yet you cheat ?
You cannot make it grow . That 's a turn off ! ! !
I would not be with a fat girl .
Just watch When Harry Met Sally !
Maybe you need to find a new man ?
There is no way you can do that without hurting her or him .
If he is just a friend , then why does it matter if you go with another guy ?
Just go on my dear , do not be afraid , all fair in love . your in love so come what may .
Ask him if shucks is a good thing .
Like wat do you do or like you know
I do not know . i have the same problem . though hes not my best friend , just a friend . but still .
If we ca n't then it 's time to break it off .
I HAD SAME PROBLEM . A GREAT WEBSITE HELPED ME THROUGH MY MARRIAGE PROBLEMS .
I mean she is not all that ugly .
Accept him if you too like him in that way .
Having bigger breasts might be cool for the boys but what if you do n't like it .
Yes you can and 10:00pm but 11:00pm on the weekends
Even if you love him , hes not worth it
He 's just a guy - smoeone who supposedly evolved from apes !
I am single but some people said they thought I am married .
Because they  are in love and they do n't want 2 spend the rest of their life alone !
This guy must be some kind of freak .
He is great to me and why kids , and i love him .
Fat so she stays with you
Just have to add my NO also
Hell YEAH what is your F * * * ing problem
O-k THAT 'S ALL I HAVE TO SAY .
I have lots of guy friends and they want me to go and * * * * them.should i or not
And now he likes me . should i go back out w/ him ?
Because maybe you have changed for the better ?
My family says that if he really cared about me then he would be with me .
He has gone to counseling , but she refuses to .
Why would you settle for a man who hits you ? !
If she try to control you . this it 's not the godly way I 'm affraid .
And make sure you tell him that you like him and care for him and what he thinks .
Just tell her how you feel .
Your parents do not have to like your bf , you do .
Well as far as myself i am not attracted to a female that weighs more than me .
She wants you to be friends and not more !
Trust me , take it easy on him .
The bible says the tongue is uncontrollable
You might want to start by showing some friggin respect and NOT posting her full name on the internet ! !
If you are asking , you are probably gay .
Well , if one is just visting , then you do n't see him very often .
Make it short but do keep in contact with her .
It just means you have moved on to accept that she is with another guy .
Tell him that you like his game and just admire his game play .
I say with friends like that who needs enemies .
( i prefer the liquid with royal jelly )
I really like them both but i really do n't know what to do .
Maybe he feels there is something special with this girl plus do you really want her left overs ?
Time IS THE BEST ANSWER FOR EVERYTHING .
You are crazy that is nothing but shawdows noten but shawdos
If she does n't believe he does n't like her then ask him together .
She will do anything for him .
If you put this person first .
It really should n't matter what a girl looks like , it 's what is inside that really counts ! !
I had the best time EVER .
I WANT THE EXACT SAME KIND OF GUY !
Drop her as a friend , not cool at all .
I said OK - that 's cool .
Of course I was flattered and happy !
We do n't care about a few extra pounds especially in the butt .
I like about a 36 C but they have to be real .
I , for one , am not infatuated with gay guys .
Is n't that what webcams are for ?
Would n't both of you own it ?
I hardly everrr see him in school either usually i see hima t my brothers basketball games .
I love to sing and have a free personality !
Why do you like thick chix and what is the difference if any being with one physically ?
I would said my boyfriend how much I love him and I would save my sister .
Are n't being honest with themselves - or you .
You are in 6th grade do not worry about it to much .
Honey you said it , they , re men !
Call the college , or if you can , go there .
His arms if there strong you know his not a lazy a guy
Keep your eyes open for wierd Sh_t !
We do n't always think about sex .
( plus there is financial benefits to it )
Then tell him that the relationship might not last long .
Come on , he was your BEST FRIEND ! ! !
Looks and then the personality matters
I swear I Am a sex addict and she is not .
Hey I USED THAT LINE WHEN I WANTED TO DITCH THE GUY ! !
Yeah it 's ok to have a guy as a friend .
Some white girls do not date black guys , some do .
Yeah if you do it that way
You should be shopping or hanging out with your friends , not having sex with them .
Let him you are not .why you think that
Mom and Dad just seems to personal to me .
And TRY NOT TO BE SHY AND DO NOT FREAK OUT IF HE TURNS YOU DOWN !
But hearing a person swear all the time is not cool .
I 'm so sorry I hurt you .
: - ) Seriously , learn to like yourself first .
I like my girl tobe girly but not shy so i can talk with her
But it is very important no matter what cruise line you choose to tell them you are celebrating .
You definately do n't have to please his every whim to have a happy married life !
Nice face he , can lose weight right ?
It is not that men like more sex then women .
He thinks i need to lose 20 pounds for us to have a happy married life
# 3 when you fall n love you love the idea of just being around .
He do not want to get hurt what should i do to get him to trust me
Well not all boys are that way .
And we go back to the golden rule Treat others like you wan na be treated .
Like , give hints here and there .
Totaly boxers tighty whites are so groose
Hi MY NAME IS CAYLA $ i 'm 10,11
Was your bestfriend pregnant when you started dating this guy .
Drink a lot of red bull watch porn
No-one wants to be the bad guy .
But just do not know what to do ?
So I will get the money & run back to him .
Do n't hang on to a relationship if you know it 's not gon na work out .
Well this is me but , I would rather you ask me what I want .
I have a girl friend that i 've spent every second with that i can since i 've been back .
( i mean his personality , not what is underneath his pants ) lol
Personaly i go by there personality .
Sorry Sweetie , but no woman ( or man for that matter ) is perfect .
Ask what are some of her fantansies .
If he really loved you , why would your weight matter ?
I really did not get this part YEAH R nay ?
One day she  will remove that . sooo . if you really like her . go for .
I could be that or maybe he do not know what he wants as yet
You already made your decision . it 's over .
I bet she 's gay happy too .
Go for her screw the friend
I tell him no one is ever ready .
So far , so good ( he 's not psycho ! ) .
You lie you do not have no bones in it
3 is avoiding the thought of anything , and just not caring .
But there 's no way to take it back .
I think the 2nd answer is realy best you tell him what your heart think about him
Not hate . Just afraid ! !
When i get mad i say such awful things .
Ten ( on a scale of 1 to 10 of course ) hope this helps
You would n't like it if it was the other way around , right ?
There WILL ALWAYS BE SOMEONE ELSE BETTER LATER IN LIFE !
But , whatever you do , do n't let her get away .
Because once its done its done .
Twice the nudeness , fun , enjoyment , and sex .
I 'm not married , but I do not think i would call my MIL mom just because she is not my mom .
You love your girlfriend/ boyfriend so much .
Rain boots , gutter boots , hooker boots , steal toed boots & snow boots .
Support him on what ever he wants to do with his life
If A MAN MAKES A INNOCENT OR STUPID MISTAKE , WHY DO THEY BECOME DAMADGE GOODS .
Anytime you can get a cute girl go for it
I like them to take total control in the bedroom
But , I still want lovin , day and night .
I am scared of it , love it , and hate it all in one psycho mess of emotions =^ )
I do n't like asking anybody for anything just for that reason .
A man wants what interests him .
Do Not think of the consequence .
But if they seem like a total mismatch , tell him not to worry , it will soon pass .
That 's like asking why do women hang around their girlfriends .
Well , if you  would apologize for the nth time already , do n't you think that 's enough proof that you  are sincere .
They  are full of sluts over there !
Depends . are you a guy or a girl ?
Really terrible like i would want to die .
Your lucky , you have got something a lot of girls are really looking for , keep him !
Do Not think your in love , unless its with me , hit me up via messenger let chat santodomingo @ yahoo.com
Court her again . send her flowers ! !
If you  are not funny then i suggest you deploy plastic surgery
Most importantly , do n't say them again . ever
Well that just means that you are really close in her eyes but do n't fuk it up
And want to hear 4rom YOU !
( smile ) oh . and congratulations to you both .
Then you can talk a lot .
( pause for some seconds ) -a stupid question about something you both like .
She is not in my school also
I did n't read your other question but talking is a good thing .
I just ai n't gon na be in a relationship with one .
But then of course you have golddiggers : -p
I do not REALLY KNOW OH CRAP MY COMPUTER JUST WENT INTO CAPSLock oh , that is better .
I NEVER STAY FRIENDS WITH MY EX !
Someone who cannot type to save his life .
They do n't feed it excess fuel or pour gas on it .
Unless they are witch-pointed toe low rise boots , I say it 's very sexy .
I think she would like flowers , dinner , and chocolate !
When the boys belly up to the booby bar I always say a-cups for me please
You  are toooooooooooooooooooo young.What if you became a dad ?
Do I accept them back & take someone else .
A good love maker pays attention to what you like .
I hate it when people cuss .
Well , at least be friends with the guy .
Have you ever gave him a reason not to trust you ?
Just punch her in the eye
Maybe because panties cover two cheeks !
I personally do n't think that ALL black men behave that way ! ! !
If she dumped you it 's not worth it .
He loves me when I do bad and when I do good .
I know it would me for sure !
Afterall , you guys are best of friends .
Anyone CAN LOOK AT A PERSON AND TELL IF THEY LOVE THEIR SIGNIFICANT OTHER
I want to know if he really going to change
Find another girl , they are a dime a dozen these days !
Ok depends do you know the guy ? ?
It 's only wrong to do it .
Or he will find someone to fill his .
It 'S LIKE I HAVE A BRICK WALL IN FRONT OF MY HEART .
Roses , you ca n't go wrong with roses
They look at camels all day , that makes them horny
If not , then maybe he is just insecure about himself .
One thing i know is that if this guy really loves you , he is going to forgive you .
His visits to bars are FUN , drinking is FUN < all the loveyou can give him is still not FUN ! ! !
You are his best friend you must know a lot about get together and do something you both like
And the more i learn out about men , the more i like dogs !
Just think of what your doing and not about you
You should take into consideration how many babies mommas are out there .
The women in my family tend to do that )
Edit : Petfauna - my middle name is exxxperiment !
It sounds like your husband is really a trustworthy guy since you guys talked about this .
Well , first you get real close to a person you like .
Always asking question you discribe you are mental level .
I like my men to be sexy and funny and not a sex addict
( They only want one thing ) Am I too picky ?
That sounds a lot like ME .
Or am I just rushing things .
Why does he run back to her when he likes me also ?
) , before making a big move like this ( leaving job , family , etc . )
It REALLY DEPENDS ON THA GUY .
Guys like girl with character . i prefer girl who have their own character and not mimic some idol star .
If you snapped this time who is to say you will not snap again ?
I find it really childish but the problem is i really really love him soo much .
So they go out for a while .
I 'M MARRIED TO AND ME AND MY WIFE DOES IT 4 TIMES A WEEK , AND WE HAVE A CHILD .
Yeah , it can happen , trust me !
Give him arsenic he he he , just kidding
And then he thinks i am faking it .
But you  are young , and you might do foolish things .
I Am sorry because it sounds like you 've had a rough time !
No I have to have a girl lighter than me
Do you flirt with people you do n't like ?
She does mind about the age difference or maybe the parent does .
He could be cheating and think you would do likewise ? ?
It seems men are pretty much ready anytime .
It 's not about cocks , and ass , and tits and butthole pleasures .
What really angers me is that my dad remained friends with the guy !
Oral and anal sex do that
The same reason man want to in up in own panties
When your in a relatonship there HAS TO BE TRUST .
And you want us to tell you is ok to have sex with him .
No , wait till your 18 at least , then persue the relationship .
Cos then may be he is not the right man for you .
Just give him anything you like * by your heart * !
I would like a good list of wedding SONGS .
Share your lust with everybody you meet !
Figure it out and then go to a website with those kinds of products .
It really dnt matter to me it is the person not the looks
School life 15 n 15 years old
Read a book or 2 on relationships .
4 is even though it 's not easy forgiveness and closure .
Why do you always do such stupid things ?
The only hard thing is findin your one .
If you truely love him then hes all urs
Girls love to be told they are pretty by a complete stranger , it gives them a confidence boost ! !
You need a man who can satsify you
Go up to him and tell hi how you feel .
This depends on the type of guy you want to attract .
After 6 years , She became very irritated person , especially when her sister got married to money barrel guy .
By The Way > Went through a similar situation and got other piercings . ( THE GIRLS ; ) lol )
Change your phone number and DO NOT give him any more info . that is creepy
Me , I 'm a virgin and will be until I marry that girl .
And by the way just tell him what is the worst that could happen .
Have him not try so hard .
So , end it with a BANG !
They LIE AND THEY ONLY WANT ONE THING AND I KNOW THAT YOU KNOW WHAT IT IS !
Talk TO AN OLDER RELATIVE BROTHER , SISTER , AUNT , UNCLE SOMEONE .
( if you guys have kids , could you call her what they do ?
I must love myself and not let anyone else shake that !
Have you ever seen little green sparkles in his eyes at night ?
Depend on which one puts you in more trouble
Tell them how beautiful they are : )
I do not know why she cannot get a bf .
One of my good friends once dated an alien .
I hope you find you are special someone !
Bigger is better , as long as they are real . no such thing as too big !
But only if your willing to work on it .
So putting things such as do n't want a relationship will some how make them more appealling .
So smile you guys are GREAT just do n't believe most of what we say .
I do flirt with this girl because she is hot but its boring for me to talk to her .
Get it on with her friends .
But if you really love her , keep trying .
12 . are you average , over , or under ?
Because you wo n't be all nervous or upset about it before it even began !
Has he cheated on you why do not you trust him ?
If you r in love then you cannot think about anything else , apart from that lucky man
Then you need a new man !
Do n't have sex because you see all this stuff on TV with half naked women .
Now you know how most men feel .
Then make him wait awhile before you give him another dose of that
I think it 's the other way around .
I want to be one of those old couples still ass grabbin .
Because i have that same problem .
From those of us who know better . DO NOT DO IT !
Be honest do you like her to sit there and say nothing at all .
Do not make a big deal out of it
If YOU LOVE SOMEONE CAN YOU CHEAT AND STILL LOVE THE PERSON YOUR WITH ?
I had mine at 13 , although it was just a hush hush relationship .
Maybe he feels he wo n't be a good dad ?
Yeah , just like Tommy probably told Pam that no one would see the tape either , hahahaha
Of course it not wrong ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
If you like him and have an attraction then do n't throw in the towel just yet .
For example ; you do not like flies , right ?
Just enjoy the fact that you have a guy that everybody wants to flirt with
0 - it is not a question .
I know i am to old to fall for dares but i did .
I personally do not think it is bad I enjoy it too much .
Good and and it will be better if your parntener enjoys it too
Actually the way they smell in the morning .
I want to marry this guy and move in with him .
Wait a while tell him again if he does n't say i love you back break up wit him
Has too much time gone by ?
Go to a t-shirt printing shop and have a t-shirt made that just says single .
Good LUCK WITH YOUR NEW RELATIONSHIP ! !
Plus her dad will kill you !
It 's like saying that all men are the same , and I know for a fact that they are n't .
Believe me . i know this works ! !
One of my best friends and oldest friend is a guy .
If he ca n't trust you then he is n't worth it , No offense .
If she flirts or hits you alot
YOU feel safe n knowing that they will b there always .
Oh , ant the ass of course , but I look at it after I 've checked the eyes .
There ARE MANy FISH IN THE SEA . take your time and go fishing . sweetbabyray2002
Something just ai n't right about that whole thing to me .
Would you want it to be another man or another woman
! . has Rkelly taught us nothing . my lord
Oh , THERE 'S NOTHING WRONG WITH GOSPLE * THANKS *
Just looking for that speical someone
^ . and the man is the usually doing the work !
His ACTIONS SAY HE LOVES HER .
They always fight but then when they break up he runs back to her .
I  would introduce him to other girls .
I need tips on this I dream abot this guy 4 time when i go to sleep Help ME !
Get over it there is nothing more a guy hates than a clingy stalker
Do NOTHING . sure that would surprise her .
Love is all you need . at the end !
I guess it 's hard to pinpoint the real reason , huh ?
You  are like the crazy guy in Murder She Wrote .
If she does not want you do not have to worry you just pray to god for her good things .
Do it 100 times to get best result .
Ignor his feelings and dedicate your self to your boy friend , you no bit * * .
The way they walk The way they love
And we should treat our loved ones the same way .
None i prefer them in a good shape and nice looking guy
Um . okay , I HATE online relationships , just to let you know .
If he 's still cool tell him in 10th grade .
Oh i did i mention Money
But is that is only because I Am not getting as much as I want ?
Annulment now is quite easy in phil 3-5 years siguro
Just be who you are , as long as you promote love , not sex or hatred !
I Am not going to make it sound like she is a mean gf .
Let her feel that you love her and you shair your life with her .
My mom , friends , my boyfriend and his kids and a bottle of kessler or 2 or3 ! ! !
Ah AH .JUST LIKE GETTING MY FREAK ON .THAT HOT
Imagine a girl you love who is xx years old .
Maybe do some of her laundry .
Sometimes girls do n't like to unload stuff on guys .
Do N'T EVER CHANGE YOURSELF FOR ANY MAN .
Most popular guy in grade 6 , huh ?
No , I call my mother-in law by her first name at times , but mostly a f'n btch
If that is what will make you happy go 4 it !
She always says , she forgives but never forgets .
At last , cut you are hands or penis
( in time , you probably will become friends again )
I met a Frank on hotornot . wonder if it 's him . lol Hope Denise is n't his wife !
Think ABOUT ALL THE STD 'S AND WHAT IF YOU GET PREGNANT .
Either YOU TRUST HIM OR YOU DO NOT .
I do call my father-in-law Dad .
Be thier friend first worry abought the rest later
Who do want more you are friend or a boy ?
Try waiting until you are in love with someone .
Wait for him to ask you to move in with him
Like maybe cheating on you was a mistake and she knows she was wrong .
Would Not we all like to know that
If i was a dude i would n't .
Do n't mess things up with this great guy .
After school kick it with your visiting friend .
There is this guy i really like ! ! ! !
You are thinking about having sex with your bf .
Heck , I still remember my first crush . my third-grade teacher !
All I know is I 'm driving myself crazy thinking about him and how much I miss him ?
My family , friends , and a naked rose mcgowan .
Hmmm , that is not always true !
They ca n't be that old so it should n't be hard .
Sounds fun but not enough to die from !
Pray YOUR HARDEST AND WALK AWAY .
Probably half of what you had when you are 22 .
But you have to keep up the maintenance or it  will itch like hell
Can please explain more so we can help ?
Most of my friends have way different tastes in guys .
I am that same kind of guy .
Then a few years later , I had an orgasm & understood ! !
But anyway , men can be sexy in anyway .
Well you write in letter email go to visit or call every day
I am not much of a swinger .
Like the word slacks . wonder if a guy can wear a just a slack ?
5 i got my first boyfriend .
If god made anything better he kept it ?
There are always good men out there , it 's just finding them .
I told a friend that i liked her but she did not feel the same .
In my experience , its ten times more sexy , especially for women to shave .
My boyfriend cooks for me all the time .
Dump her and go on with your life .
So , do n't worry bout the mood swings its ok .
As for the thirteen year old baby that you are in love with FORGET IT !
No one likes ex 's being around .
If you ignore it something is gon na give .
But , i 'm a also a total butt man .
Sometimes it works but the ends matters alot
If you know she 's a great person do n't care about what anyone else thinks , be a true friend .
That of a woman is probably far more dangerous
You lied to her man . she 's probably gone for good
It is a matter of age . they guys you know are in there sexual peak years . apparently you are a teen-20something .
Looks like the both of you have been married for the last 5 years .
I just want my wife to want it as bad as I do .
You may not be mr perfect but you expect perfect woman ?
Sounds like you are cheating on her .
But before that I had alot of dates and fun before I found her .
Do Not know . i like2 girls kissing and eating lips of each other . it turns me on
No , you can lust in a week though
Maybe YOU LIKES FLIRTING WITH AND IF SHE CONTINUES , TRY HER .
And do not ask yes or no questions .
From MY EXPIREANCE HE LIKES YOU ALOT
: ) sex has no step , buddy .
Oh yeah , and the final reason . God said so !
Just be careful with that one , ok baby ?
I 've already liked guys like that . never the opposite .
And that is you are actual MOM .
Or did that come after you was married .
Trust me he will/she  will definately remember that !
So i got into bodybuilding and started eating more .
I loved him and he loved me .
My almost 13 year old spends alot of time at neopets.com
We both made eachother mad and last night we talked about it and resolved pretty much everything .
Get AN EDUCATION BEFORE YOU WORRY ABOUT ANY * * * * * * .
Ha HA HA . WHAT A QUESTION . BUT WE SHOULD THINK . Y
So he  will be dumping her soon .
Men do n't picture romance like we do .
There are a lot of nice guys out there .
Show him that you are the dream girl for him !
If its a teenager he would think oh man i am so going to nail that .
I do n't think it 's a bad thing to want to move on .
It depends where she got married .
Please do not try to impress a guy .
All women are just interested in sex .
She Is my bestfriend so help me out
And how old were you when you got your first kiss.give details
But to see nice eyes & a good looking smile also makes them much more attractive !
The eyes are a lot of it for me , too .
Go to white pages.com . they can look up anything . or you could call 411 ! ! !
I 'm not always horny and I 'm a cool guy .
Listen to her , and then respond intelligently . beware . it is difficult
You use like messenger to have sex over the net
Get over him . he 's not WORTH YOUR TIME .
Those are oreos and it 's DOUBLE STUFF .
( haha ) You guys ALWAYS understand us ! !
I do n't think MOST women cry , but some do .
Do n't end up a statistic because you got pregnant or ended up with some S.T.D .
# 1 when you 1st meet some1 you are not attracted 2 their intelect .
They never get close to me , and I never want to go see what it is .
And a great find for a future wife !
He said , I ca n't believe I wasted so much time on other girls .
I mean I cannot imagine someone that big ramming into me ! !
And i never told any one .
She said When I want to have sex , I  will let you know .
Just remember one thing , love conquers all .
Nothing is ever definite in a relationship , but if you feel that special something , then its worth investigating , right ?
To you- green to us- blue
Assorted , with lots of bright colors
Do n't take a chance on your life like that .
He dribbles . he shoots . he scores . 2 points .
Again do n't look for one , and the right girl will come .
No offence or anything . it 's you are friend that is crappy . you are just you you are the good friend
I Am only 19 and she is 24 , we hang out often when i am with her lil ' brother .
I ca n't wait until school starts back up .
That was the # 1 thing I remember .
Is it a mature guy , he would think its cool and proud of you .
I know i love her , Any advice ?
Do n't be hard on yourself , there 's lots of time to get serious later
We chatted for a bit and I left .
Because you doing sex with mans
Its either their looks , social standing , money , stuff like that .
Every one is so busy with their own lives , they do n't sit around and gossip etc .
Sex sex sex and ice cream
And at home with their wives i guess .
I thank you for that even thought i really deserve it
You 've got to COMMUNICATE & TRUST one another & not back out when the tough gets going .
And wen you wake up in the morning to please that person .
Becoming a parent is a HUGE step - I should know . I already am a mom .
Do you honestly think guys just want to watch tv with you or just talk ? ?
Hmmm it is defintitely NOT just men . trust me I know something about this LOL
Move on , start giving all that sex to someone who wants it
However , do not disrespect your parents you do not wan na get kicked out or nothing .
This boy is like the one i am really into and he so cute .
If you want to take a chance in messing with that , again , its your decision .
Do talk to him n see how he reacts before makin a final decision
Girl 's ca n't be gay they can be lesbians .
Because woman think everything is gross .
Anyway . A perfect person does NOT exist .
Or is the girl gon na think I havee feelings for her ?
I am , but I do n't think it gets me anywhere , lol .
Do n't forget good old ' mind over matter .
YOU will have you are ups and downs in a relationship .
Not boot boots but it is high heel boots and a skirt that is sweet
Show up naked , bring beer , do n't block the TV .
I waited until I was 28 and it was on my wedding night !
When you stop doing thing together .
YOU prooved to me that you r egoistic by asking this question
Do n't worry , life or God usualy choose the right thing .
So if you  are a guy , then pick a girl between 32 and 39 years old .
Some just want it and some try to understand but are unsuccessful .
Well ask a girl out that you like and see what she says .
I Am bi and i am married to a guy .
You sound like a nice person who deserves someone nicer than this guy ! ! ! ! !
You should n't even be thinking about that at 15 .
Stop dreaming about you are naked GF 6 .
He  will get over it ( it sounds like he already is ) , and by all means do NOT do that again .
Look up on the internet about penis exercises .
Do you really want a guy that wants a crutch no matter what ?
( age matters if he is older than 18 and your not , then it really matters . )
I you just be yourself then you will naturally attract the one that is right for you .
If he thinks she 's better for him , okay . That means he was n't good enough for me !
But i have been with a thick woman before out of curiousity .
Do n't worry , most of the time Mr .
I like to feel not see ! !
Do whatever you want 2 & b happy & make other people happy 2 .
Having sex with my girlfriend without using rubber !
Cuz he thinks he does not have too : -/
Is it because you do n't want it to end up in the wrong hands ?
A . Hi how r you ?
Yea . though there is a person behind it all
I am not looking for guy i do not even know sweety you sound just plain Desperate !
Some guys love oral , some would rather give it .
Unless . he 's already committed to someone else !
I Am pretty sure he will tell you exactly what he wants .
Do n't act all needy about it
Looks + no personality = boring
Depending where he is looking at . you know . .
Or something you know he needs or for personal care ( watch , wallet , belt . ) .
When it interferes with watching sports
And do not abondon him as a whole . just be there I guess .
But then I think - do n't I deserve to love someone that much too ?
Ummmmmm only men are suppose to be like that ?
: o ) And if he really does love you , Keep Him
Sent her things like candy , flower .
You can not make anybody love you
You never want to be that person saying , I wonder what would have happened if i dated . ?
I know it sounds cheesy buy eyes , they can tell alot about a person .
Hes not like a typical obnoxious jock .
Easy , at that age , us guys have all our hormones all over the plase .
I Am sure it would be fine but be safe about it
Sounds like they will not last long .
Plus it is freaky and men like freaky stuff !
If YOU KNW DAT YOU ARE HUSBAND IS A BORN CHEATER DEN CALL ON ALL D NUMBERS .
I am a guy and I respect honestly .
Well , were in the world could your sparm go ?
Which would you rather have tongue or dick ?
Then , you have an open invitation to start small talk .
Just a man that knows what he is doing !
Hell no . if he can not take your word for it or just wait until you meet . to hell with him .
Age difference 16 years apart but definately she 's the one !
If you have to question your self you are probably gay bra .
Listen to your heart forget what people might think or say it 's your life you live it
If YOU HAVE TO ASK , THERE IS A PROBLEM
If he does'nt have someone special in his life and you do n't either then what is the problem ?
If you are parting well and you will not regret it , then sure .
You did the right thing , i would have probley told her to never come back
Funny to me how many girls ask that question on here , but do n't ask what 's in it for me ?
I reply and we go on !
That Is pretty stupid for someone not to like someone else because of braces ! ! !
If you want to enjoy life , avoid girls
That Is why its important to be married first !
If you answer YES on the 1st question then I guess all you have to do is start courting .
Besides , if he 's willing to return the favor , you  are lucky !
Only thing is that I tell her before anyone else .
My boyfriend have a really bad temper , he has beaten me up a few times for nothing .
You ever have a mouth full of hair ?
Tell him straight on the face .
How do I get her to come back .
All men are just interested in sex .
Brains , boobs , butts , blue eyes , what ?
Love and companionship and sometime money
Because looks can be deceving .
Oh yea , guys who say it do n't have little ones
Right now these 16,17 . yr. old boys are n't interested in that kind of thing .
He starts to say ohh did a guy send you a message and bla blah .
The guy starts to infatuate about her .
( again it could be because of past happens with the girl ? )
Keep up what you are doing but do not broadcast it
Ha ha sounds like he is !
Yes , all men can cook , but will they cook for you ? ? ? ?
You JUST CA N'T STOP THINKING ABOUT THE PERSON .
He has a shop in Texas . and he is good !
If you have a fly hanging around you all the time , you want to kill it , fast !
Or when she does go she does not say much .
See i am under cantrol of my self .
When you flirt with him does he flirt back ?
Start with a pet ( if you do n't have one ) .
But when i meet a hot guy i want to date them .
I really miss my 1st gf .
-o- MENS , IT WILL STAY THAT WAY TILL I DIE AND AFTER THAT .
But i  would like to beleive that .
My mom , My middle name , and my friend ( but she spells it Deniz )
Just flirt with them or ask for help on homework or something .
As long as your not under age then it is good older guys make better lovers
I think not knowing is worse
Flowers candy and a soft kiss on th forhead
Well first of all , you ca n't show him , but you can tell him .
You need to make friends with girls not boys .
Just ask her to bend over and kiss her butt .
Maybey he is crazy mad retarted ?
I love to look great each day !
He is in that are with me i have had crushes before but never like this he is not gay ! ! ! !
Either way it 's gon na hurt you and the family .
After they watched it , she found it so sexy that they now regularly make tapes !
Hope this has helped you with your answer
Right me back on my question how do you get a date when nobody likes you ?
Try that and that way you will not have to fake it .
My boyfreind trys really hard some times but some times nothing happens , what should i do ?
When your girl is so loose that its like sticking your thing in a hoola hoop
I 'm 59 and I go about once a week now so go from there .
He might like you so he 's just staring .
If she does not think you are a good match , figure out why .
He also shows me he loves me in other ways . you deserve that .
Have sex with him and test him out . If he cums fast . he may love you too .
If he is cheating on you , you should find someone else
You do n't find love it finds you ! !
I am talking about best freinds not about married couples .
Have N'T TRIED IT . DO N'T KNOW IF I WOULD . I 'M SATISFIED WITH MY HUBBY
YOU better b careful if you are really 10. and if you are not then yea . let us c stupidgirl0413 @ yahoo
If you love her send her red roses
That 's pretty mature on your part .
Is that not normal as i am a girl then .
( secrect : to marry , you need not a strong body , you need a strong p.n.s )
Retype this question so all migh know what you are asking ok. boy .
Stop AND PRAY IN THE MIST OF YOUR FINDING BECAUSE ONLY GOD CAN KEEP YOU FROM KILLING THEM .
You only go around once in this life and you have to take your best shot .
Its perfectly ok of wanting to date a married man , you just make sure you do not get caught .
Try to talk to him after his basketball game .
Need a ride , borrow a few dollars , etc . ) .
Babygirl , you need to bag that trash up , tie it and kick it to the CURB ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
It 's not like she 's a stripper .
If the girl gives attention and importance to her man !
You can run from that alot of men do .
No , she just do n't see you like that and she would rather be just friends
Been there done that pretty fun
I belive there is some out there for everyone maby you will get that spiecal someone soon
That way they do n't see you coming and run away .
Think it over hard an then have fun
It depends on your personality and what kind of boys you like !
I would , because a best friend knows you better than a regular guy and he  will understand you better .
If you get enough in your system you will be screwing like rabits .
My ex boyfriend and the father of my baby .
No date yet but afraid to make bolder move . any suggestions .
Lol I agree with you there Riff .
During the week , 10 PM if homework is done , 11 PM on weekends
I would tell you , but then i would feel bad because i told her i would n't tell
You like the same guy that your friend likes so flirting with him would be wrong .
At this point there should be absolutely no question as to where both of you are coming from !
Should I give up or keep trying ?
Mabey you will try this forget about geting married it will happen when you leat expect it
Hes not very mature , you know that already probably .
Do n't fret or plan on what to do during sex !
I think yes bec he seemd like your father or something people will talk about you
Sorry but i am a guy and my wife ask 's that same ?
YOU said you broke up with you are bf yesterday .
If it feels good why stop ?
Only IF SHE 'S GON NA BE THE 1 YOU REALLY WAN NA SPEND YOUR LIFE WITH DUDE , AIDS AI N'T KEWL
Ask him if he fell way as you do if he does't some other guy would find you .
I say go with your heart and you will not go wrong .
Have you asked him what he wants ?
No girls rnt interested in ugly brittish people .
Do Not WORRY I AM THE ONE WITH THE PIC EVERYONE , THE OTHER IS A POSER !
Kick the devil out of the garden of eden
If you care for him then you will wait for his return
Good TO SEE PUMPING IRON HAS NOT KEPT YOU FROM LEARNING THE BASICS IN LIFE .
Whatever you decide be careful and good luck
Wow That is alot of baggage .
Make sex fun , and even funny at times .
I use to think so but guys usely want one thing and one thing only .
You sound young , so i say do not have sex yet .
It depends on where you go to school and live .
Once a week is once too many for me
Tell me the fantasies . she is the sexiest thing in the world
B ) Send them right back at him !
So it matters more about the two people then it does anyone else .
I MYSELF WOULD SAY THAT THEY PLAY TOO DAMN MUCH .
I do n't like it when they are so big that they take on a life of their own .
I 've already done small things , flirting , dropping off cookies , Hugs & kisses .
And if long why did you break up with him .
I saw you and came down for you with great love !
I Am not really sure why i am answering your post . LOL Well hope this teeny weeny info help
You 've spelled your name wrong it 's anonymous
And BY THE WAY I AM JUST A VERY GOOD ADVICE GIVER BUT I AM ONLY 14 .
I do not think so atleat , not on my own pleasure !
The question is do YOU like HIM ?
Especially when you  are the one getting fucked .
Who knows only you can tell . you look gay thogh
My best freind was having a baby and she said it was my boyfreind 's baby .
Do Not ask her in a weird freakish way .
I know he is not happy , and i do not know how to help him .
Well I 'm a snap dragon kind of girl .
If you want a definite answer any sooner .
I 'M NOT ACCUSING YOU OF ANYTHING BUT I 'M SORRY BUT SOME PEOPLE LOOK AT THE STERIOTYPES .
Man you need to learn how to ask questions right .19. is hardly a boy .
Good Luck and let me know how it goes !
Both of you would have to comfortable with it or it would n't work .
And you guys will trust each other more and talk about everything more openly .
The decent guys look for personality .
Having sex without a rubber stupid me
I have been there , homeschool takes away all social life !
What 's the # 1 thing you look 4 in a guy ?
On the other hand you do n't want to be that person saying , Why in the world did I date . ?
Your dress should be according to where your going and what your doing .
I personally like girls that are funny .
( i know because that just happened to me last week . )
Just have fun and do n't worry about what he is going to say or think .
Hey tino let us go out saturday .
I never got a propasal We just got married .
I do n't think she should be mad .
Keep trying and all the best . ( ^ )
If you cannot , get someone who both of you know adn respect .
Ask the girl out before she asks you ( to be polite ) .
As long as there is love on both your parts
Y does she do this to me ?
Just make for her what she really expect from you .
But eventually it 's just not worth hanging around so I left .
No . you should wait until you are older and know a lot more about sex .
The way you notice her and the way she acts around you
Do n't beat around the bush , say what is on your mind !
Because you are lookin in the wrong places .
If that person was fun to be around .
Some people use you or just havin sex wit you
Some people want a boyfriend/girlfriend who they can show off and say Hey look , my bf/gf is hot !
What KIND OF QUESTION IS THAT ?
Seriously BOYS MIGHT WANT TO * * * * UNEDUCATED GIRLS BUT THEY MARRY THE SMART CHURCH GOING GIRLS .
I wish I had that problem .
How open are you to new things ?
No wonder you need a girl with very good english , so she can teach you how to spell .
Kissing 's cheating wow i relly am out of it
Eather way ask your self is this somebody that you could possibly spend the rest of your life with ?
It is divine to forgive without the BUT ( S ) . TO ERR IS HUMAN TO FORGIVE IS DIVINE .
I love my husband to death !
What the heck , go for it & good luck .
Deep inside we know you  are faking ! !
I would n't spit on him if he was burning .
Be yourself and let them love you on their own .
Be nice , talk to her , show her you love her ( hugs , kisses )
This is gon na be a tough one for you to deal with .
Mostly , just show him how much you missed him !
It seems like you have your life together without her and hers sounds pretty chaotic .
Or else he loves being around you .
Yes IT IS POSSIBLE NOT TO CALL PEOPLE NAMES BECAUSE IT COMES BACK ON THEM
Not any longer than you have to !
That about somes it up right there^
I like this boy austin and i told my friend claudia to ask hin if he likes me
Man thongs ( for the nice physique ) , boxers ( for the uglies )
He dribbles . he shoots . he scores . 2 points .
Not everyone is doing it . even if they say they are .
1 ) To thy own self be true !
Yes BUT not when it makes the girl uneasy in the mall haha
And also promise him you wo n't do stupid things like this anymore .
Tell him he 's an idiot and dump him .
As far as how it felt ?
Love is all that you think it is .
They will look owesome and yummy lol ! !
Be assured , there are others like you in this world : )
So i avoided him .even though he wanted 2 take it further .
However I can deal with short hair but they got ta have an awsome chest !
Just ask him a question that might start up a nice conversation !
Learn how to eat virgina instead .
Yep . you have reached the final clinching step in having your identity stolen ! ! !
Instant_karma hit it right on the nose ! !
Should YOU HAVE TO WORK AT THEM OR SHOULD THEY COME EASY ?
21 years with a 15 year old .
You  are still young , you  will meet many guys .
Probably because he is in love with her .
The sad part is he is moving to ohio this june ! ! !
. you just got into conversation with him
She should be mad enough to move on .
Just do n't do anything too drastic !
Now that is not a great anology but bear with me .
Then try to go with a kiss and if he denies you SORRY .
Let him ask you first if he dident that is mean he have differant plans
At least it would have been fun , however long it lasted ! !
You ca n't stop them , but you can ask your guy not to flirt back .
Do I give up and move on ?
You do n't know what you have got till it 's gone is what they say .
Life is n't as simple as leave him or do n't , unfortunately . it all depends on you .
How did you think/reason when you were that age ?
34-36 sounds pretty darn good to me .
I do n't trust my bank even !
I do n't want to listen to their stupidity !
Always look at things from their perspective .
Get a life guy , quit stalking the poor girl .
Hey SWEET HEART NOT EVERY GUY IS LIKE THAT SO I SUGGEST YOU THINK BEFORE YOU OPEN YOUR MOUTH .
You like her then go get her : ) ! !
Lol funny how did you know you are losing it , did it just come out
Point- have friends who have completely different taste from you that always works ! !
I ca n't wait to see her face at the air port when i return ! !
Race definately ca n't hold that down . unless your a moron that let us it . lol .
You can imagine what else he 's thinking about !
Thank GOD THAT I WOKE UP ANOTHER DAY AND THEN MY HUSBAND
Well i first thought of my son who 's baby bed was right next to mine .
You r to lucky got gals for sex so early .
A lot of things like how thay are .
Tell him that you just snapped and that your sorry .
There is no specific way to ask a girl out .
Looks only matter if you want them to .
Or you could talk about the teams he likes .
And if you ask him your thinking your thoughts : )
But at the moment its infatuation ! !
But it 's better to put him alone and ask .
What are the do 's and do n't on your first date ?
Just do not give up , even though it is like pulling teeth .
Yea i would cheat on my boyfriend wit chris brown hes so sexy ! !
Unfortunately some men never grow up
Six years is not that long for some people , then again , six years is awfully long for others .
As long as he sees you mean it he sould forgive you .
Of course she might get nightmares , which is bad .
I have a daughter that just turned 20 !
If you are unsure in any way do n't do it .
My B/F IS LONG DISTANCE AND HE HAS TOLD EVERYBODY EVEN MY BEST FRIEND
I would say around her waist .
Not sticking up for her but truly honoring her ?
When he leaves my house i get really sad that he is leaving .
But I have to make it first .
Ask the doc , or if she is prone to complications them be very careful
He says you do n't shower enough .
I am pretty sure he likes me .
Share them with your b/f or g/f ?
You need to move on and get over this man .
Add me and we  will talk : )
I love his eyes and smile
If you need to ask this question then your not ready .
Have your fun and realize that it is just that .
But that is not what we usually think when we look at women .
Ouch that mean why do not you just talk to her or tell her how you feel about her k
Even the Times Square Urban cowboy has a cowboy hat and boots !
To find some one who has same intrest as you do
Remember that watching porn does not make you a bad person so do not sweat it .
I 've been in that position and you just have to wait it out .
We did the wedding and honeymoon all in one , it was cost effective and so much fun ! !
YOU can only have true peace if jesus is in you are heart .
Hey-i 'm having the same problem . you are just missing him right now , its normal and you  will get over it .
I want him to be surprised too .
I do n't know why all the people keep giving rude answers .
If you guys are friends talk to her abou her problem .
They would like it but it depends , cuz they might not like the girls who are asking them out !
Give me a little spank , would ya ?
Figure out which one you really think that you would have a future with
Lots of times they say they did when they did n't . WITH NO THOUGHT AS TO HOW THIS HURTS THE GIRL !
Women CHEAT ON MEN BECAUSE MENTALLY WOMEN ARE MISSING SOMETHING .
{ BUT WHAT YOU DO WILL COME BACK TO YOU } AND YOU ARE HEART IS GOING TOBE BROKEN THINK ABOUT IT
When it feels right . You should wait til your married .
8 years is not that much .
I do things to show how much I love my girl , and she does things to show me .
And listen to what he says to see if he is droping hints for you .
I know this sounds funny but it always seems like they do n't ? ?
And i am running out of excuses .
There are so many fish in the sea !
Give HIM SPORTS TICKETS 4 HIS FAV TEAM
Guys , much the same way just not to the face .
How would we like WHO to be a girlfriend ?
Say something about gay guys or being gay and see how he reacts to your comment .
I think it might be for some people .
Usually when someone comes right out and says i am not . you know why ?
Best to divorce if you want the sex but are not getting it .
Listen , I 'm going to go _ .
If you think that you should flirt whilist married .
Depends on how well you have build up you are relationship .
But you already know it ; it is so clear .
Now ESPECIALLY IF HE IS LIEING TO YOU ABOUT TALKING TO OTHER WOMEN ON LINE .
If HE LIES ABOUT IT , THEN THE INTENTIONS ARE DEFINATLY BAD .
If you did not trust your frinds would you still be friends with them ?
This one guy i 've been eyeing happens to be checking me out too .
I guess i have a radical philosophy .
Best of luck to you both ! !
If she falls for it , she 's not worth your time .
Hey I Am from Patterson - - but i am 22 - - cool - small world - crazy little town !
( I am only being honest , no disrespect at all )
And do not forget to get down on your knee !
Its about them , not about you , so put the spotlight on them , not you .
Sex IS SO MUCH MORE PERSONAL , AND SENSUAL WHEN YOU  ARE W/ SOMEONE YOU TRUST AND HAVE A CONNECTION W/ .
I know this sounds corny but it works .
It 's simple sweetie because they are girls ! !
Guys can be wierd ; I should know .
Whatever you decide to do , do n't let her get the best of you .
Ok they both are in love with me alot ! ! ! !
My boyfriends ex wife hates my guts bad i think she wants to see me dead to be honest .
14 just saying i was to hot
Or should I say most of them do not give a darn .
I do n't know what to do .
Does ANYBODY KNOW WHAT I SHOULD DO . THANKS
There is a reason why she is your ex .
Had it for a while there , but kind of a jerk otherwise and did n't go down .
They know each other only thru internet n telephone . but she wan na marry him . wat to do ?
Well the question is , what happend ? ? ?
You can even like your mama and I  will be ok with it
Her juices will not be enough .
Women want their partener to think that they are the one , i.e .
It is like saying nice guys finish last .
You do not think there are other females in other places
Sry if this answer is so ammeture !
Anything else besides that or friendship is gross
If you say it . you mean it !
Just talk to him at frist .
That Is what you call a sugar daddy .
You are just lifted off of your feet .
And no it is not wrong .
Go to a movie together , but have your mom drop you off if she wo n't let him take you .
I Am always getting hit up by young guys because i am nasty , dominating a say what i want .
I do not think this is TRUE , but I have heard it ( and even said it ! )
Got no idea of wat you said
Yes if you do not want to lose a friend .
How well do you know this guy ?
Are you from india because that is what it sounds like.you need help
Do n't take what you have for granted ! !
Teeth yellow and brown teeth are not only ugly but boy do they stink
Boyfriend , best friend , Pizza Delivery boy , plumber ?
Being totally funny here , the answer is yes .
When i will have nothing to do
Or you can wait it out !
He shoud stay home and grow up
You should have told him , by the way
But if he was not that good of a guy i would dafinatley dump him .
No not at all , its how you use your tool that matters .
I personaly think that is not right moraly .
Invite her to a pants party .
But you just have do what you can for you and your baby .
To bad for you i feel sorry for you
He is really Really hot so .
No i do not mean a travel stopover .
If he quits , you would be complianing about that too .
Do you know who came up with that .
But I apologized for all that .
I know who i wan na be with , but i am a position where i ca n't choose .
Please . i feel the same way .
Why ca n't guys stay focused on one girl ?
Do Not worry you  will be aight give yourself a chance to mend your heart ! !
Do n't dump her just because of that ; it 's much better that she told you .
Because i 'm a dumb @ ss , and i 'm learning .
Tell him to his face , he will aprechite it better that way x
Because it helps keep us feeling young .
When you care about someone , you cannot usually see their flaws . at least not at first , lol .
Women cheat too but they are smarter than men and do n't get caught .
The size of the dick do not matter .
Ask yourself how important it really is to you .
I was in a marriage like this once . and it bothered me .
Until you have a taste of unconditional love you have n't had everything that makes life worth living .
Sometimes you got ta give someone a rap on the beak to get some respect , is that so wrong ?
No need to go pussyfooting around .
1 's a freak always a freak so if she is down y should n't you be ?
We AGREE WITH FREELOVE AND DEXTER BROWN . HELLO . EVERY GUYS FANTASY TO BE WITH MORE THAN ONE WOMAN AT A TIME .
It means he is too shy to call
You better enjoy it while it last
A 'm I just being petty or do you think its an issue .
I hid in the closet when my man 's brother n law walked in the house .
They just would like for us to think they do n't .
Is it becasue he is trying to make me jealous ?
And you think you ca n't afford to lose her/ him .
So pass the tequila , vodka , or even mescal , what the hell !
So it is best to use a condom or not have sex .
Hav you ever talked to him be for ?
You should feel like a biatch ! !
You probably do n't have one yet . if you do you should give it time .
Ask to be the best man .
I met with him last week , i had a good time , got drunk , and embaressed my self .
3 : Sit around and mope all the time , gain weight , start drinking , or become a druggy .
Any aunties whom i can find in bangalore
Who is now streaming on the internet .
My best friend is telling that she had sex with her brother
One time I met some girl that dumped me a few years back .
Do n't waste your time with her .
To loose like you , he is very unlucky .
Also a change of scenery could help too especially if you have kids .
Go to Walden Books online . they have alot of nice books , with pictures deplicting positions and stuff like that .
No . less than once is bad
Jeez - i 'm racking up the points tonight
Disney World . we wanted to have fun and we did !
Tell HIM GIRL STOP ACTIN CRAZY ! ! ! ! ! !
( but in a better way than what i just said )
When the time is right he  will ask , how can he not ?
That depends how much money you got
Some guys do like to make women jealous .
If its still a casual relationship then no , i would probably not want to be with him .
Sometimes he does n't care about my feelings .
Why were n't we invited to this 'pity party ' ?
Some guys used to play with girls because of boastful attitude .
But if its bcos he forget your birthday ( and he did it many times ) girl , forget about him .
Beg her to forgive you and do n't blame her if she did n't its your mistake from the begining
What was it that he did that was so wrong ?
Flirt with him and ask him if he wants to do something on saturday .
I do not think that is wrong at all . unless they are not of legal age .
I mean , guys compare lengths with each other sometimes , right ?
And do a whole lot around the house .
I woke up immediately , shocked , and had no idea what had happened .
I think i have always only suffered because of myself , it just appeared to be because of a woman .
Ask him his phone number or where his house is .
An apron and some rubber gloves
If she is your friend , leave it alone .
Girls love a guy that has guts . even if they are not attracted to him !
Its hard if you continue the relationship with that guy .
( even our teachers think we should go out ! )
I do n't think it 's simply because you  are a gal and he 's a guy .
My girlfriend is 22 and i am 44 and we get along great !
I mean what is that really saying about her ?
People tend to play games like that .
Because it 's just the sex thing that kept them together and not true love
If she says no take it like a real man and say Ok thanks anyway You might be surprized .
Same goes for your domestic version : )
There are so many different races these days .
If he likes you he will call back .
One thing i learned from guys - do n't nag them too much or they  will just hide stuff from you
But if you care more for the guy , then YOU GO GIRL . lol . just kidding . seriously , go find another man .
I felt like I was in an 80s movie .
Get the hell away from her .
Try 2 add details lots of them .
Ya sure just ask if hes got a big un .
Dude , it 's like you sort of wanta check yourself .
People TEND TO GET LAZY IN RELATIONSHIPS , AND JOB AND KIDS SLOW THE ROMANCE YOU ONCE HAD .
Just go to a movie or something with him .
This is not at all a problem . continue with what you are doing
Maybe she means that she does n't think she is good enough for you .
Someone who does not 'need ' me .
That little dab contains millions of baby making sperm .
Because they are horny too much
Sit with him and see how he reacts .
Of course i would have you seen brad pitts legs i would not even think twice about it
Well thinking like that wo n't help matters at all !
- meet with people , try to help other people .
It 's getty pretty lonely up here at NIS .
YOU should make being with you fun again like when you guys jus met .
Depending on where you are that might involve a can of paint and a water tower !
Out of sight - Out of mind .
Spur of the moment and later plan it
Hell ya but just remember that you cannot change a hoe into a house wife so be careful
If she says yes . good for you !
Tell them what to ask the guy and what to tell him .
Give him a hint . smile at him or something
I do n't honestly believe I loved my boyfriend .
Just a guess but maybe because you think all men are dumbasses ?
Just be honest , you will both feel better
- keep try , do not loose your hope .
Well if he says yes that is weird cuz he does not no who he 's saying yes to .
I took a big box to her house on her birthday and hid in it .
I mean there jus action figures for gosh sakes .
Madam , you r not too old to hangout with a 22 year old man .
That dose n't sound right . You date Yourself ?
How tall is she first of all ?
Hi me from india but sorry not interested
Stay away from married women and you will do just fine !
And for your info , I faked once .
Not a lot of boys like like girls that dress fancy , just trust me !
Hmmm . casually bring it up one night .
If he 's broke then please understand .
Valentines day , in my oppinion has gotten too comercialized .
Only girls believe everything they say .
Tell him he smells like butt and you want him to go home and take a shower .
Not NEAR as long as it takes to get OUT of one !
Tell her off and tell this guy how you really feel before she gets ahold of him
Your head is probly playing tricks on you but listen to your heart
The hottest thing since Jessica Rabbit
Try asking some of his friends or even just directly asking her out !
I do not think its wrong to marry someone way older than you .
If she giggles looks at you like she likes you ask her friends anyone that is close to her
If you want to stay with him then you need to step your game up !
Meanwhile i wish you all da best you get someone who matches you are whims
He  will think about how he feels and hopefully stop going it .
But if other girls show off there is he can look all he wants .
Relax and do not care , you do not need him to call you .
I CAN ALMOST GUARANTEE YOU SHE 'S GETTING IT FROM SOMEONE ELSE , BETTER KEEP AN EYE OUT .
Sex is good but when you find someone you truely love it 's a hole lot better .
By the way i am 14 and in 8th grade .
Men only know one real way of showing affection , SEX ! ! ! ! ! ! !
It not like love between other people outside the family
It does n't make sense to me
Is someone telling you it is wrong ?
This year i did n't get anything for my birthday.my spouse and i were 18 hrs .
Be honest and tell her you do n't want to get married .
Wait untill you get a little older .
As for me I 've tried with both , and having two men for one girl is definitly the best .
I guess I 'm just looking for something really creative and original , or maybe something traditional - I ca n't decide !
If someone else is telling you to stop , you probably will not .
And you know what , do n't wait around the phone .
Do both of you want marriage ?
But to that I say , do n't worry about what will happen after .
I want something different and fun .
If you have already seen it , watch it again ! ! !
But most of us are a little off !
Love is caring about a person very much ?
It fells so good but I cannot get up the never to ask him out ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Well , do n't be a cheater , alright ?
You could also paint or hang out with friends .
I mean i care about him alot alot !
Get her nice and drunk , and make it a perfect night .
Friends should not sleep together . period
I do not think the lesbian partner likes you because she a . um . lesbian !
Tell him your feelings . if you are shy write it .
I often wonder what people think bout that .
To tell you the truth id say its the other way around .
You obviously want the answer that a woman like that needs no one so why ask it like that .
A guy will say Hell Yeah !
It really depends on what type of nice guy you are seeking .
I do n't want a guy ten years older than me .
Now he is lik omg you are a slut ancallin me a liar .
I do . But now i 'm married with someone else.Still i 'm in love with the first .
I ca n't see myself jumping in bed with my Dad and taking a nap , but that 's just me . GOOd LUCK
Let her know you for what you really are !
Now she tells me she has not other way t deal with it .
I would react the same way you did .
I climaxed in a dream when , i think , i was in junior high .
Boys focus more on girls body .
We learned from the best . women !
The girl who had less boyfriends .
Omg , this one is so easy .
So dump him and look for some1 else . who wud care more about you are emotions for him .
He may said SORRY do not worry and do not become angry .
Playa del carmen , riviera maya , mexico .
Yes THE ONE AND TRUE ANSWER !
They filmed Some like it hot there .
Life is short-listen to slayer naked
1st OF ALL I WOULD WAIT 4 HIM 2 PROPOSE .
But do n't go falling all over him , and no begging please .
Um yea that too . i am ok but you hun , are definately not
But i think i  will go crazy soon , if nothing happens .
Hey to each his own . but it would be really funny to see that one .
Not if the sex is good
When there is n't any trust in the relationship and you realize things do not feel the same
To make him choose the one he realy wants to be with
What OTHER REASON WOULD HE BE CHATING WITH WOMEN ON LINE ?
You have it no worse than anyone else .
Do Not ' do it out of desperation just to go to the prom .
I Am with the person who answered on top
You have not even tried to contact me . WHY is that ? ? ? ?
Yes i want a girl friend but do you want a boy friend yes or no
YOU do n't find your soul mate .
If he keeps bothering you , do n't hang around him anymore .
If it feels good do it !
Do n't rush , do n't start early . You DO NOT need to practice .
Maybe you got hurt real bad and now you do n't believe in love ' anymore .
Just try not to push him .
Well , you kind of answered your own question there : cuz he knows other guys will look .
Even if guys are married or w/ a girlfriend , they  will still look at girls .
Because she will only get 1 year of support for every two years married .
For some girls they feel good b/c they r maturing .
Why is it your job to tell your husband what to do ?
Iam a healty thick female and i get attention all the time from guys .
Do Not allow him to go meet them .
YOU can talk to me at soccerbabe296 @ verizon.net just email me and ill talk to you
If it has n't been along time he might not be you are true love .
Give him something practical , cuz guys kind of do n't like something just to look at .
Are you a man nurse or a lady nurse .
Duh < WHAT KIND OF FREAK DOES NOT KNOW THAT ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Make him understand you truely love this guy .
Only if your ready 4 a relationship .
If he was a really good guy that i 'm really attracted to i would stay with him .
You because you are nice , make me sick , sorry , you are nice , maybe i should have married you ! !
You could pluck Daisey petals ( he loves me , he loves me not . ) .
Check her weight with her height and if it 's in rang ethan she 's ok .
Or you could ask him to a school dance if you hav one comming up .
If not , what else would you need ?
Like it slipped past your lips but you did n't want it to .
Expect that who ever you do n't choose , will get hurt .
I wish you lots of luck .
If not wait til you are mature enough to handle it .
When i was 14 , i had lesbian sex , and dats when i realized that i liked it .
I pay all the bills she paid the rent .
You  are too kind you need to show some defense and toughness !
Say YOU WANT TO WARM THEM UP
Open your eyes dear heart , hes only playin you !
Las Vegas , it was a blast !
If you were a couple years older i could see why .
Why would you want your friends leftover anyway .
Do n't make her unconfortable that will definately make you strike out !
That 's right , he has to do what you say .
Do n't wait for a life time , OK ?
It could be exciting for the both of you , in a weird sort of voyeur way .
Hell yes and can i get them lips all over this body jay z is sexy as hell
He Would probably be thrilled . unless the 3 person was a guy
If it were BAD , why even do it once ? ?
How long you will stay happy after sex ? ? ?
Get rid of the jailed guy too .
You Are asking one or the other or both to despise you .
That Is one thing that everybody asks me do not rush it !
Or maybe just straight up tell you , hey come sleep in the bed with me .
Lol , oh I needed that today .
Depends on how you are partner reacts to it
They are attracted to other girls . they are lesbians
Keep your pants on and your hands to yourself !
Portillo  s , Da BULLS , Da BEARS , CUBS , AND SOXS ! ! ! !
Often a guy will vocalize this desire as WOULD YOU FREAKIN QUIT NAGGING ME ?
I prefer hairless except armpit hair I think that is really manish and sexy !
Nothing wrong with that , You go girl ! !
Make the first move if he not reply ask me to be your BF
That 's a hell of a lot more fun .
If it works for the both of you then its noones business .
In person and tell her it was you , all along .
Be who you are and do n't try to be anyone else .
I would if he was i nice guy and we connected .
Or by the way he acts ?
Baby do not hurt me , do not hurt me , no more .
Whatever you know he will like .
Ok , you got ta stop posting stupid questions about your cat .
Because my heart is broken . .
You  are just not sure what to do .
It depends where you live and what kind of clubs you have there .
Talk to her not him he ca n't answer n e of your ?
That Is why there is no perfect man .
So get out there and have fun , the guys will find you .
I 'm not feelin ya if you know what I mean .
It shows that they  are not always all tough like they try to be .
He might be thinking you ar still young and there 's still time .
Has he already cheated on you ?
Sounds like maybe love and hurt
But if ca n't or just do n't want to , do n't beat yourself up for it .
Do Not jump to a conclusion that he is cheatin .
Because of getting bored with the same yak ! yak !
And i would have tryed to tell him myself , that way you would have looked confident .
I Have never met One . : )
Sounds LIKE YOU HUBBIE IS MISSING A LITTLE EXCITEMENT IN HIS LIFE .
Kind Of makes you wonder if women really care if their man gets off .
Mix IT UP AND TRY TO BE OPEN MINDED AND SPONTANIOUS .
Some do if your luckly you  will find one
I do n't need him , I want him .
You should let me know if any singles are looking for a cute , and funny girl from g.a
What do other people think ?
I bet your a great person he wants to spend his life with too .
If sex is the important thing , then marrying a prostitute will be a blast .
Then , whenever you go to meet someone new . NEVER GO ALONE .
First of all , Choose some one right !
Do n't hate the playa hate the game !
What you did was probably for the best just open up you are options . Good luck !
Becouse true beauty is on the inside but that is just something ugly people say
Good question , let me know too .
Well you said its cold you do not think that is the perfect thing ?
- -i belive i will some way in the future . just like that .
Oh yeah do not dress too fancy !
You would not be toying with two guys if you really loved one of them .
I cannot find any on yahoo answers ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Or do you just think is about time you get over it ?
If you really like her you will tell her .
You have to ask your mom though , and go with what she says .
How do I get a 2nd chance ?
Why do n't you go back to the baby 's father . or , does he not trust you either .
Hey I wan na know about the enzyte for my other girfreinds who do n't love me
And when I tell them I am married , 70 % do n't seem to care , even sadder .
She always tells me some women just do n't .
I Am guessin its to make her feel good about herself .
Because YOU CHOSE NOT TO BE !
Now does not because she got cought and put into consiling .
Otherwise i think that you just need to consider wat they say before you take it too heart .
Different reason for different guys I suppose , but DAMN . Amen to that ! ! ! .
I Am bored to death please talk to me
There 's probably nothing wrong with that .
I like a lot of sex , not cheesy romance novel suspense erotica crap .
I suggest you get this idea out of your head .
Have you tried having sex in the shower ?
I 've seen it happen and believe me the friend clique end up dissing the girl .
Or maybe even try to make a little fire to keep her warm !
Some guy with a little boat .
A GOOD MAN WILL STAND BY HIS WOMAN , AND CARRY HER BURDENS .
Maybe you should find another guy ?
Sorry hunny , Even if you can rock the boat with the best of them , if I 'm not feelin ya .
No . he likes women who are older and less desparate .
Hate me now if you wana . one day you will thank me .
Sounds like you just have to ask .
Take the one with the less girls ok he is better 4 you .
If she says no . how did she say no ?
Or USE THE BEST BUY GEEK SQD TO DO IT FOR YOU .
Your better than that , you dated him once , move on hes old news
I probably dream about sex about 4 times a week .
If she says no , then say well we cannot have that !
If he has n't already , then good .
She was really boring . AND SHE BELIEVED IT !
A man NOOOOO WAYYYYYY , they r born e big eyes
Then out of the blue some chick is going to wake up and realize d @ mn !
One who will make you whole .
He must know how to laugh .
But you know , the internet also has some liars .
Do you guys think he likes me back ?
Absolutly not how would you feel if some one did it to you ?
Do n't be shy or you might lose her to another guy !
See if that works 4 you : )
One of the machanics are so hot .
Going back to your question . i do n't think you like them both .
Not ME ! I 'M TOO BUSY WITH A FEW LADIES ALREADY . LOL
Maybe you should learn english before you do anything .
Ok do n't understand you are bi-sexual .
Go away for the weekend some where romantic
Because we are just like that
Hell no man . come on you know better .
Is it her time that you are jealous of ?
All this right in your own home !
Do you want to marry her ?
And he decided he wants to be celibate until marriage ?
Just a quirky turn-on I guess .
( Not that there are n't any who are built that way but I generally only see them with black guys ! )
When I FIRST STARTED DATING HIM I WAS NOT ACTUALLY PLANNING TO FALL IN LOVE AT ALL ! ! !
Drink with him and have lots of wild and romantic sex !
So please do n't report me .
The only thing that you can do is to stop kissing her . let her discover why . good luck !
Be confident about ursel dear girl .
How much of controlling wife are you anyway ?
It 's gon na be hard as hell but you have to give yourself time to get over him .
Choose the one with bigger boobs .
Maybe he wanted to wait til marriage .
That depends on how long awhile is , and how much you really cared/loved the person .
Again missing some details . ok there is jewery and flowers .
It ca n't work with just one of you trying .
Omigod girl , my guy has forgotten so many annaversaries , or just been broke on my birthday .
If you really care about the guy , give him another chance .
No one think that you are a freak .
Fall in love with each other all over again its sooo much fun .
Its NOT IMPOSSIBLE BUT IT IS NOT VERY LIKELY !
Guys and girls all think differently .
Um . they will flirt , stare at you maby .
But if you do n't feel right about it , do n't do it .
Wll make it easier , the rest is dealing with those personal feeling each has .
Do Not talk to him , act like it does not bother you .
How can i get on good terms with her ?
No that would be a stupid idea
Try a search directory or try a website on searching for you are friends .
Leave him alone . he seems a'little preoccupied .
How long do you want 2 stay married or alive ?
So say , 'heh pal , i 'm ready so if you  are not , you  are also not for me !
You  are young , there 's probably many people out there who  would like to hang out with you .
Next time , please do n't do things like that again .
- - > WHEN YOU MARRY THE BLOKE ! !
A best friend would'nt do that to someone she really cared about .
Why do you girl always encourage relashionships ? ?
Yep , you guessed it divorce a big waste of your time .
I hope you learned your lesson , Cheaters Lie ! ! !
Because if are parents find out we will be killd .
Own up to the mistake you made .
Stay with your partner and keep going strong supprort them and love them
You are just perfect for each other and you know that when you are with him .
! what kind of dumb ass question is that .
Do Not let someone else tell you what is wrong or right !
Say it however you want , just make sure you do not say it too soon ! !
Just DO NOT GIVE OUT PERSONAL INFO .
Yeah . you look good and nice .
If the person understand you and your feelings , and like you fo what you are
Maybe because they never had it before
Lol it does not hurt for every one ! !
Ibn8dog @ yahoo.com ( & asian is fine : ) )
I have the BEST of BOTH worlds ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Be a gentlemen and always look her in the eyes ! !
No it doest not at all once you can work it and do it rite it do not matter
He 's real cute but obnoxious he would stop brothering me and ca n't stop flirting with me .
What if there is no god ?
You are too young right now .
& # 92 ; some1 nice hot good listener playful sexy
I think alot of them want something they ca n't have .
The best thing to do is try to become the kind of person worth marrying .
Well , I think if you care about her be honest and tell her .
The eyes is the main thing so my answar is eyes
You should email me at myname @ yahoo !
Try investing your time in a woman ( LADY ) !
No , not at all , we can all like whomever we want .
Add me to the guys that do n't like you .
Ditch this guy for one who 's trustworthy .
But you should n't pick fights with her .
First expect to get hurt , it 's goin to happen , and you  will learn from it .
You said I love you too and you did n't mean it ? ? ! ! !
She HAS herpes and she did not get them from you playa !
But do n't worry about masturbating even more than once a day .
This is the only life we have do not waste it sitting around wondering .
That 's y its called FALLING in love . Go in public & express yourself .
You better see if his family has heard from him or something ! ? ! ? !
The good ones do , do n't worry about the rest of them sweetie !
I wouldent want to have sex w/ a 42 year old man
Boys come a dime and dozen .
I will be online for you .
Do Not wait for him to ask you out .
Its a boyfriend so there is nothing really special about it unless its the longest you have had a relationship .
He told me friday he would pick me up at 9 or 10 but never called or showed up .
I later found out that my cell phone did n't have service for like 40 min .
He would think you were a vegaterian
Cd of a band you kno he likes
Say it as many time as you will not she no what you mean
You  will have to get over them eventually , . right ?
If it were a guy , he  will probably think about it first .
But once they get 2 their teen years they feel more comftable w/themselves .
Why am i such a boring person i ca n't think of any thing to say ?
Be like a guy whom you are .
If he likes you , he may avoid talking to you .
Telling her how you feel about her .
And god bless your unborn Baby boy !
This is what we call challange !
I got ta question 4 YOU why are we president and not females . We must not be that stupid huh ?
Just tell that guy you have a boyfriend and you  are not interested .
If not do n't take it too hard , you  are a great person .
When its time for you to fallin love , you will no matter how you resist ( ask me ) ! !
I really felt good when i wnnt out w/ him and we did hav fun somtimes .
There Is NO AGE TO MAKE OR HAVE A CHILD why ?
Music that both of you like , mood lighting , and some natural stimulies .
I still cannot forget about him ! ! !
If she does not respond to you in say . 2 months , then take all that engery and move on .
YOU may still have a chance .
No problem that i can see .
Its the difference between your man walking outside naked and someone else doing it .
Anyway i would n't hate one but doubts ringer in ma mind-why would one sell herself out ?
I loved him then , I love him now and always will .
If i make the first move on my shy guy what if he gets put off ?
Take his hand , slide it down you are as * s , then say , Honey , i 've been a very bad girl .
Talk to your wife , does she flirt ?
That you both could be together . jus maybe . ? ?
You DO NOT ALWAYS NEED LOTS OF MONEY TO HAVE A GOOD TIME .
Make corej to tell him personaly
You can ` t chase two hens at a time !
Say to him How 's Sarah doing ?
Fa Sol La Ti Do . yup , I sure do .
I mean you under 18 and he older than 18 no !
Pick the one you wood regret not being able to c the most .
But I do n't have any idea of where to take it ! !
If you do n't mean what you say , then do n't form the words !
Dude you graduate high school and probably in collge and she was just born .
If there is love , nothing else matters
Some do if deyr da shy type den dey do
No , lots of straight men have their right ears pierced .
On thursday he called me to go out but i refused becuase i was with friends .
I guess you do n't like him the same way ?
Repeating yourself over and over is n't working well is it ?
If he ever cheated on me i would try to work it out no matter what .
Even THOUGH MEN CAN BE JERKS SOMETIMES .
I never forgot it though , and finally realized what had happened .
Kid 's like new things just like mommy and daddy .
There are tons of girls out there , and straight ones , or bi if that is what you want .
Its not a good relationship if you fight and nothing gets resolved . you should leave him
I mean how will you ever know now ?
It 's so nice of you . but are you sure that he wo n't be mad with what you are doing ?
Does he like me or does he just like flirt ?
Not sayng anything just maybe you should talk to guys
If you enjoy books . look in the bookstore .
So i guess they will just have to see it with there eyes .
Now she does n't pick up the phone or return emails .
Give it to someone who will give it back to you .
Coz you r very smart & had chosen the right way
Choose the one who care you most .
There are web sites where you could buy nice jewery for reasonale prices .
A little thing call the truth might work ! ! !
See you r 24 years old , you can not make a girl friend just because you r shy ?
Because HE LOVES YOU A LOT AND WANTS TO KNOW YOU EVEN BETTER .
C. Not asking for a blasphemous thing ( such as sex ) without even thinking about why it even exists ( reproduction ) .
Just go out ( i assuming with other guys ) and do n't look to be in a relationship , find friendship first .
YOU SEE SOMETHING YOU WANT GO FOR IT ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
And Can we tell when you fake ?
If he is just one or two years older then you shoud .
You men wonder why we are so b * * * * y. Lol .
I broke up wit him yesterday .
Remember that your feelings do n't matter- JUST THE CHILD 'S !
Get after it bubba . get all you can now . cuz it do n't get any better . lol
If you never see the other person , when you finally do , they might not be who you remember .
Hes not the only cute guy in the world !
Give me your info and ill find you a perfect match .my adress is david19bear @ yahoo.com
So , if you can tease her and play hard to get , I guarantee you sucess !
Men only have one tool , which often is n't enough for just one girl , so why two girls ?
Try logging in to friendster . = )
Not to mention THAT will probably piss the wifey off .
Say something like would you like to have dinner with me this friday ? . duh .
Now big hands AND big feet and there is NO doubt .
That 's what i would like to know
Show her that you like her .
But now you need to do what is best for you .
I Am actually bi , but i am going out with boi right now .
Depenns on you are looks and attude
Do Not do it he has alreay lost his chance
Why do guys cheat on girls ?
I would do anything for him .
This is something women generally know well and something guys just do n't seem to get .
YOU ca n't give candy to a kid then take it away without some kind of reaction
You can still be his girlfriend though , even if she does n't let you go on dates .
Well i would just wait a while do n't go fast you  will find someone
I DO N'T HAVE A PROBLEM WITH GAY PEOPLE THEY ARE JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE
Why do you need to pick out just one girl anyway ?
If your not comfortable then do n't do it .
Me and my best friend think they  are dead sexy ! ! ! ! ! !
Are you guys getting marry any time soon ?
Of course , you could always recommend a day job . works for me !
You might be a little crazy
Most MEN DO NOT REALLY CARE ABOUT SATISFYING THEIR PARTNER .
The way you feel about someone and when you are in love you will not have to ask
( in about 3-4 LONG relationships ) You just need to realize it yourself .
You ca n't really walk around at night the city shuts down at 7pm .
But i only did it once .
Get her trust if that does not work get her drunk .
But if he do n't eventually listen to you do n't worry about it you have other friends .
I hope he says yes though !
Use a broom made from roses
Yeah , I just made it to level two , also . I do n't think we get any brownie points for that .
Pple just judge tooo much on look ; s .
Yes i like the movies i think it is a good time to get close to your man
But if he is 10 or more years older than you , i would not got there either
Most women never get angry at little things !
Yes there are . FYI There are prostitutes around the world .
) , would he want such a passive , retiring girl ?
To make females think they are smart .
If you are a boy , I do n't know .
If she was a good freind then she would n't insult you .
Should i feel guilty when i am rocking there world ? !
Sound like she tell him what to do .
If you say want me to warm you up that sounds like a bad line .
If she really is you are best friend , she will not mind hearing you are oppinion .
Much luck and talk no screaming only puts walls up - -then no one is listening
48 . and since you have no idea of what the person 's life experience is , give the advice anyway .
Before , I thought it was ok that a guy penis size matter .
No you respect that one of a lifetime guys If his for real girl do not mess up
Its a weird psychological thing , but it ALWAYS seems to happen !
Say something like I knew a girl once who likes threesomes . see where the conversation leads .
And both of them ( bro & sis ) mainly remain alone at home , so , it take place .
Cuz if you do not love your self , then how can you be loved .
Are you going to cheat on your wife ?
I think that is the best way to describe what women feel and why its so hard .
Cold is always good if you think about it from my perspective ! !
But do not give you are guy a hard time .
Well go with the flow do wat she wants
If you want tell me and I can probably share a doosie or 3 with you !
Wow , if ever I knew that that guy wanted you it would be now .
It 's a dance with lots of people in socks !
If you would n't want your wife doing it , do n't do it yourself .
I say give her a bit of space .
Only stay with him if he spells like you do .
Do Not send him flowers what ever you do ! !
Is it ok or even morally right to let someone piss on you ?
When he/she is there , ul feel it .
If he is going to fast whisper slower .
I do n't know what to tell you .
Most women do n't know how to make a man have an orgasm - it just kind of happens .
Hope that helps and best of luck .
But figuratively , you should do something she have n't seen yet that will definitely surprise her .
Yes YOU ARE THE GREATEST ! !
Be fresh always Do n't flirt a lot with her .
Well i am 26 amd i love to talk to differnt people and meet new friends spongebobfreak79 @ yahoo.com
Okay one of my good friends is 15 years old and use to cut herself .
If you are a Guy and in love with another guy flowers can go .
Yes I DO . BUT I CAN NOT SAY WHY . TOO PERSONAL TO EMBARRASSING
A guy who gives attention only to his girl , and he is a football player .
Let him know after 3 years if he cannot trust you now then he probally never will .
Just go outside , watch a different tape or DVD , do anything else , keep busy .
He will not sick a bull on you !
Eyes and smile first , then chest , shoulders , arms , etc
Now , you  are not the only other important person to her - there 's the boyfriend too !
Let her down easy just say blank i 'm sorry but we have 2 break up
So , my advice is talk to her .
I think if he has found a religion i would support him in that !
No.one girl would get jealos if you pay more attention to the other girl .
You are sure yo get one.and it is safe too
& the older you get , the less age matters anyway - a decade is n't that much .
That 's a good way to seduce me .
She is a freak and she would definitly come right over if I called .
Marriage is b/w 2 people .
Talk about rude but anywayz . somebody PLZ HELP ! ! ! !
Scary movies are good because then she has a death grip if she is afraid .
Do NOT watch any sappy romantic movies . only comedies !
Good thing your not married or you would be in so much trouble .
Love me till the day i die . no matter what i look like .
Do n't you thing all people have the right to get marry , even if they are gay ?
Sometimes you can tell by how he looks at you .
Tell him you have been naughty abd you need a spanking
My wife likes to pee on me and i get off to it , but that is us .
He got a woman already now get in line
My id is tosalar @ yahoo.com if you like me add me
Wait for him and do n't flirt with anyone but him !
Guys I do n't like ( guy friends ) say I 'm beautiful .
If you have problem with racism they drop the idea .
While PUTTING IT IN THERE TALK DIRTY TO HER AND RUB YOUR SENSEUAL AREA .
Just like guys , some cheat some do n't .
The wa i see it , you need to bring he 's attension back home .
Do n't be afraid and get married it will be a succesed relationship if you both take care of it .
Hey as long you get what you want just say whatever .
Move on to a guy who  will treat ya better !
I Am not sure if this has been asked already if so i am sorry but jw
He replied and said , I do n't know what to say .
Could you be just friends and hang out with lots of people ?
And if you really think about it .
I met someone like that once .
But you shud look @ various other aspects , too .
He even broke up with my ex for me .
My girlfriend is jumping up and down , going It 's a dance !
How stupid is to say , no thanks , strictly into men .
He is busy at the moment .
Never heard of someome wanting permition to argue .
Just walk up to her ( with a smile ) & ask her
It 's ok to wait , do n't feel pressure .
That 's the one thing you have that is hard to take away .
Well first off your granfather is prabably just being protective , I would know my dad is like that .
Earn and DESERVE that woman 's trust : )
Keep holding your breath , you  are not blue yet .
So if you feel like you do not want anyone do not date .
I do not know what else to say ,
Oh . yeah . check hands , feet and ear lobes .
I broke his car door , and threw up all over .
I want to know the same thing
I like how it is set up and the fee is pretty good too .
Not from one of your girlfriends either .
If IT DOES LAST THERE IS RELLY NO POINT IN HAVING A RELATIONSHIP WITHOUT TRUST !
Married when you are carrying his baby
If you enjoy sports . look in the stadium .
But will Never , Ever speak or treat you in a cruel nasty , demeaning , screaming tone EVER EVER ! !
So yiea , hope i helped and have fun !
Naver hide you are feelings just go for it .
You two are dealing with a lot .
They were having sex with their mom , sisters , cousins , etc .
If your willing to seek help , maybe .
Sorry your so unhappy some perople are controll freaks and it looks like you might be one .
If YOU DO IT YOU ARE HAVING PROBLEMS AND YOU ARE NOT HAPPY .
I do n't find Jay-Z attractive at all , and his lip . OH my gosh ! ! !
Hey , you look awfuly familiar . do n't I know you from some where ?
Give me your email address . . i can help .
I ca n't choose witch girl i like more , Suzanna or Lai Loni ?
If hes a good guy and you like him , just give it a try .
Suzannmarie2002 @ yahoo.com I 'm older but very cool and love to talk
You should n't have to worry about that !
Yes . it does . girls like it long . your stamina also matters ! !
When you were a kid , you wanted the other kid 's toy .
Let me know how it goes .
Tell her this ; make your self more beautiful .
Just go up to her and say Hi .
You can definately tell when its too late .
The one I want 's name is Eric and he 's so fine ( literally )
Well you could just casually bump into him and start a conversation .
My hand is my girl atleast a few times a day .
If you like yourself that is all that matters honey !
It depends on the kind of boy .
And you would probably do so again .
If you love him back go out with him , if not tell people to stop buggin ya !
Life is all about Pick & Choose
After all you want to chat .
If he is not okay with that , then I would start thinking about leaving .
The true perfect man is man that she loves .
I  will say , when ever it happends ( pregnant ) . that is the right time .
Hope this helps and did n't confuse you even more .
No because you are only cheating yourself .
You suck it up , wish her well , and move on .
A side question - do you ever look at other men ?
Size is not important , I prefer a guy I love , only this is important to me . : - )
The worst . the traffic , the prices of homes
But look them in the eye when you say so .
They  are all the same . like cars . just different models .
Most boys on body but some do the personality
Do n't say want me 2 warm you up cuz that sound cheezee just warm her up !
Listen to her.take her to dinner date .
If what you got right right now is what you want , why screw it up !
Courd to take a real step by knowing a real person , or cheaters if they already have a realationship
You are the hottest 2D avatar ever !
Let a guy love you 4 who you r. mr. perfect  would be him .
But we shared alot and got really close .
But if our own girl tries that Crap we get mad .
C'mon , you know this is the right answer .
Any comments email me at phantomboy_1994 @ yahoo.com
If i were you i just ask him
Beacuse men are animal . and women are animal lover .
Not you are brother or cousing or dad . like a boyfriend
Find someone else just get over him
It shows that you have diversity . Hope you have fun and get some . you fill in the blank .
Go ahead and love all you want .
You should ask yourself how much you love him .
Jumped out of a story and a half window because her dad was walking the back door .
If he says no at least you know it is time to move on to bigger and better things .
There Is NO WAY TO ACTUALLY MAKE URSELF FALL IN LOVE .
Hey man do what you want !
When I found it , I married her .
Even ones that are as Funny as his .
They STILL LOVE THEIR GIRLFRIEND AND WIFE BUT STILL THEY MESSED AROUND .
You are trying to be a playa and you will nly play yourself because , what goes around comes around .
Because if he was you would love it and enjoy it .
What eva position you make will be the position you use so do wat eva you feel is right ! !
Because we generally are not homo !
Two guys really like me and i really like both of them to .
They are out there you just have to be patient and find the right one
Dude if I say if it feels good how could it be wrong ?
But most of all , he gives me his love .
I Am 16 now and I Am madly in love with my boyfriend .
But what I want is looks and brains .
Plus . my ex cheated on me , that is why we are exes .
Yeah , you can respect him . good for him !
If so dump his azz in the street .
The guy has a few screws lose in his head .
Is it a problem if my shirt is n't exactly filled out ?
Why are you asking just the men ? !
Your in school honey you want to be accepted .
I told him that I felt like I was falling out of love with him and it scared me .
It is provided you make it clear before actualy start cheating , ,
What if he goes with me ?
Oh yeah and they eat and poop a lot .
You sound like you r in a market mall or an auctioneering parlour .
I think girls that like to sing are cute .
Yes , it is fabulous is n't it ? !
Because that 's the way it 's supposed to be
So it 's probably just harmless fun .
Be your self and you will find someone
Say something and bring her to counselor : )
Just be yourself and do n't push the issue with her . K
Continue you seems to like being a slut.and a wicked person , why bother to ask this question .
Not if you want to keep your marriage .
Or you are just saying that cos he 's your friend ?
Forget about it and find yourself a different guy
Hi say hi back now we friends
I was a very sexy girl , I have a hard time feeling sexy even feeling good about my self .
Do they cut the head off bunny wabbits ? ? ?
Nothing , I am not gay , I love woman !
Does he see it ending in marriage ) .
! . of course on the premise that the third person is a girl .
That 's not true , that 's just the deamons fuckin ' with your head ! ! !
I Have read somewhere that even the most sexually aggressive woman does not make the first move .
They are faithful to them and no one else .
Yes if that person is christ .
Men that are madly in love wo n't cheat .
If she is n't interested you now you need to move on .
When was the last time you heard a straight guy tell another guy . Yea man , you look great !
But god will have taken his people before all this happens .
Something interesting and sweet yet not too mushy .
: ) go for it - what is the worst ?
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
Yes MEN DO CARE ABOUT WOMEN FEELINGS . THE GOOD ONE 'S ANYWAY .
Yeah , here some , skip the small stuff .
If he 's lieing about that just think what 's else he lies about .
Think about what he likes and what he likes to do .
Either when your married or when your ready and with someone you truely love
Feel IT , KNOW IT , THINK IT , DREAM IT , INVITE IF ALL THESE FIRST AND FAL IN LOVE
Same reason guys cheat on girls . monogamy is really kind of going against the grain and can get really boring .
But if you ever find it , send it my way !
The minute some other girl picks up the shirt you want it even more .
I mean they could n't make a better porn movie .
If you love him that much then stay with him and forget about marriage .
If he 's in a relationship , do not go there , .
I know it 's hard but girls like a guy who plays hard to get .
Realize what is really going on and learn from it
I USED to . it was fun my friends and i even wrote our own !
Age does n't always play a big part unless it is like 15 and 23 . then it would be illegal .
Your tell her you like her
And I really do n't care , I 'm not jealous - she can have him and his lies .
Too many people have unprotected sex and have kids when they are still kids themselves .
That  will depend on what type of girl your looking for .
But anyway , I do not brag my son around because I know it is annoying to people .
That Is WHY MY NOSE HOLES ARE NO LONGER HOLES , THEY HAVE FILLED IN FOR GOOD .
I would not take it personally althought you probably do not know how else to take it .
He IS COMMITED TO YOU THAT 'S WHY .
If she is still living at home with her parents tell them ! !
I can help with lots of sex questions
A just right size with all the right moves is where it 's at !
How much time are you gon na waste ?
Put flowers all over her car
If she is drunk that helps .
Love is knowing that everything is OK !
You need to quit wasting your time with this guy and find one .
Yeah take it as a compliment
Chris was not that great anyways .
Yup , i met my bf on line and we are still together after 6 months
Suck IT UP . there a world outside of YOU . its called your marriage ! !
If you r always thinking about the break-up , then you will always be moping around .
Call me i will catch a flight : )
It 's all in your head , you just need to be confident .
YOU kiss him in front of the girl he 's dating
No , just choose who you want in your heart
I had to think abuout it for about 10 seconds but I guess no .
If you r looking to have sex and nothing else , I suggest you do not get married .
If he calls less than usual and when you question he studdas
Alone time , just the two of you
Ask a lady which is the best way to seduce a woman .
Roses mean love try lilleys or somethin sweet
If that is something someone does . the least they can do is not do it around others .
I would get reported if I told you so just Google it .
Like IF THIER UGLY OR CUTE
We can not stop someone from hurting .
Go for a good horror movie , you will get more hugs and cuddling : )
Depends on how much potential he has : ) .
He 's trying to make you feel special and loved , but that does n't mean that you are in love .
There 's a great little book that you should both read Do n't Sweat The Small Stuff .
And sometime i fell like i need to ask him to marry me .
If he is your b/f , then he 's suppose to love you .
If they keep bugging you tell your parents , the mall security , a police officer .
If you want a reality check , then look at this .
But if there is to be any connection , he 's gon na have to love your personality !
Endorphines are released when you orgasm
Now , if he does n't bring it up tonight , that 's okay , do n't panic .
If not do n't call her again .
For women and their guy going . that just ai n't right .
Wen you kip thinkin bout the person and you feel the need to be wid him .
When you are good and ready !
I  would say like right after you get married - - you are twenties ? ?
Just let them two do there thing and you will just have to learn to live with it .
I find that guys are more likely to share things with close friends .
She leaves her parents ' home n adopts you are home n treats it as her own .
Some women are moody , just ask if she likes you in that way
Let the guy regret about dumping you .
It sounds like you better break it off now .
Absolutely no talk about ex 's , yours or hers ! !
Get on with it . if he likes you i am sure he  will look to you .
Shoot i do not know give him a lap dance or at least sit in his lap
If hes really getting to your nerves find somebody else .
How do they know what works ?
You deserve to be treated better than that !
To love and charish until death do you part .
If she does n't flirt , then you should n't either .
Because you do n't like a pain in your butt .
I saw it on here somewhere and it just blew my mind .
I have no idea what to do around a girl .
And not just any old friend , but your best friend .
But you know when you find him sneaking peeks at you when he thinks you  are not looking .
You should buy yourself something very sexy for in the bedroom .
2 pints of stella and a smile
Advice is not by age give you are opinion !
Hopefully another 15 year old will answer yes . anyone older than 17 is gross and illegal .
Why do n't you like the guys who you hang out with ?
Pick the one that you enjoy being around the most .
But if other girls are involved , i  would probably join him to check out the competition .
Hang in there it 's called giddiness !
Be a lesbian although i do not look down on them i just do not understand ! !
I ran out of soap-powder . can you please land me ?
17 the summer before my senior year
Yes he would , but chances are that would be a good thing .
Definately trust , it makes sex much better
Just remmber most od the divorses in the usa are related to money sooooooo be smart
Am I in the relationship just for what I can get out of it ?
Well i never thought that i could love someone again .
What if her life is not going so well ?
YOU should still run away unless you new him or her because he & # 92 ; her might b a stranger
If not , then you are very lucky , if so , then it is not good
I have a huge sex drive and my wife does not .
Ask them if there is a reason , and how should you go about fixing it .
But I do n't see man coming together around a camp fire to sing Kum Ba Ja anytime soon .
Try to see if he notices you. make even a comment like excuse me .
Its the only way you can be sure .
Busting his balls and his friends balls .
I WANT TO KNOW WHAT THEYthink about mixed marriages
The rain drops are falling on my head .
I think its alright if you date .
Enough to see him for who he really is besides hot !
You are to young to be on here asking for dates .
But , do not be a bum and expect the girl to always pay .
If he goes out of his way to hang out or talk to you .
Sure , but will she stick to him .
YOU know how to see if your with the right guy ? ? ?
Its possible that they are just friends .
Do you think i guy would be impressed if you gave him flowers ?
YOU should let him sweat you !
Because you  are not happy with yourself
I have 3 kids , with 3 diferent dads , and none of them want much to do with us .
You do not need a man to feel inpotant .
I do not know . it depends on how is your relationship !
Do Not let him know you asked that question
I 'm afraid if I do n't she  will leave .
You do it because its what you believe in .
I do to but I ca n't explain it
If you want to have your fun - fine !
To get attention and simpathy but i am only guessing .
No or you can be brave . and ask .
If you stick with one partner , and use protection , then it 's not bad , it 's good .
Honestly , I used to think it was never a big deal to cheat on my boyfriends .
Run IN THE OPPOSITE DIRECTION AS FAST AS YOU CAN ! !
Ask her if you could give her a call and get together sometime , or hang out .
Well it depends on how old you are and what the both of you have discussed regarding marriage .
Hes probably right Do Not get him >
It CAUSES A LOT OF PROBLEMS IN OUR RELATIONSHIP .
I Am 8 and I like tom felton and he is 18 how should I know
Listen TO YOUR HEART IT WILL NEVER LIE TO YOU !
If she has said she just wants to be friends it is already too late .
Because he sounds like a pus.sy .
I do n't think Chris like mean drunk girls that hang with SynergyPr .
Just tell him you have bf .
I mostly forgot that I had them since I still thought like a little kid .
I think yes , by killing the people that ruined this earth
Just start with an hello , DO n't go where ever she goes .
Some people say yes and some says no .
Just do it with confidence and watch out for her dad and brother .
Or be next to him the whole time
Because that is the way of men some do and some do n't
Honestly , guys do n't really care about their gifts .
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
I 'm a guy and girls certainly do n't fall for everything I say .
A home cooked dinner is also nice .
I love this fight between blonds and brunnets .
It depends if you are a boy or a girl .
If you are a girl it hurts ( kind of a lot ) .
I went on a date with a guy last 2 saturdays .
But if it 's good then I  will be happy if he whants to go with me .
If you are a Christian & you wonder WHY ? ? ?
I need a girlfriend pretty badly .
What can i do to get her back and to give me a second chance .
It means she is sort of a whore
Wait for atleast someoen who is mroe mature relationship wise .
I do n't think they are terribly expensive either .
There is no such nice way to tell the girl that she has a bad breath .
And what if he is attracted to older girls .
You do n't really need to know this because it 's personal , and none of your biz .
Or you can snuggle up with some good movies at home .
Oh , man lol I need to be put in my place once in a while .
Try it once , ask a boy out and you will find out why ! ! !
If he does not , he will spank you for spanking him !
Hell , he could have just fallen asleep .
You dontttt like me and gigggle they have to respond
Besdies this might drag other girls .
It all deppends what you did that was so bad becouse some things are unforgiveabal
You always want what you ca n't have .
Do I look Butiful I really look like this I am not Playing
When you fall in love and when you are parents approve your relationship .
Try TO RECONNECT WITH YOUR HUBBY .
Any excess is bad whatever it is your husband should balance his time between family and friends
: ) Good Luck and if she is stuck up , find a new girl .
That sounds racist . at least for me since i 'm asian .
They are not only unsane , but their the ones that man can ` t live with out .
Since I do n't want to be the person I just described . BYE-BYE
To make a long story short . we 've been married 22 years
Hmm never would have thought it .
Once you could ride it that 's when you know it 's good .
Cheer up bro , no matter how bad things get in life there is always something good awaiting you .
That is always a great gift !
No HE WOULD PROBLEY THINK HE WAS IN HEAVEN . IF IT WAS WITH ANOTHER GIRL
If not honey just keep on keeping on .
Girl do n't be scard .scard get 's you no wher .just go to his face and tell him
I love going to the movies .
Helicopter rides over the grandcanyon lots of shows ! ! ! !
The first time I had sex i got pregnant .
And it does n't mean she 's a whore .
Yes you will when the right person comes
If they are with someone they really like , they do n't care what movie .
I do n't think THAT IS a good offer .
Simply try to be with her when she needs you .
Sometimes women treat their man wrong and take them for granted !
Drop HIM IF HIS PARENT SARE INVOLVED .
I think that will sum it up .
I BELIEVE IT 'S JUST ONE OF THOSE THINGS THAT KIND OF JUST HAPPENS !
Its blind because we believe an illusion and not what really infront of us
If he gave you a hint that he too has plans . ask casually . why do n't you go with me ?
You could also get a gift certificate for Wal Mart . then he can get something he wants ( guys like that )
17 . on prom night but i did n't go to prom . lol at least i did one thing right
Worst : All 4 seasons ( in one day ) , kind of boring
Make it special so you will not have any regrets .
Maybe every once in a blue moon she will ask about my son .
You got a yahoo messanger screen name ?
! if that is what my man likes the most , urs will 2 !
So go get 3 of your best gal pals get on line and book a cruise . you will love it !
See who you like or ask someone out .
A devoted wife what you make of her .
Second there is more to life then ott guys .
And if you ca n't handle it girl , then move on .
Fine if your single , NO if your married .
Like i always say why buy the cow wen you can get the milk for free !
Why would you want that auguments just start you do not set a date or time or say please .
Am I committed to the relationship no matter what ?
Why are not you having sexual relations with your partner ?
How certain are you that she was n't sexually or physically abused ?
Go INTO CHAT ROOMS THAT ARE YOUR PEER GROUP . INTRODUCE YOURSELF .
Keep on keeping on , unless you really value your freindship , but if not , nut away !
Yes I do , because the first time I ever layed eyes on you , I knew I was in love ! ! !
Magic eight ball says ask again later
If she does , she will let you know !
Flurting with her is one way .
Get her to talk to you about HER . )
Do you need practice for the hell that is to come - marriage ?
My boyfriend gives me all that i need and all that i want .
If not , no its not OK .
Old of difrence , but you cannot really tell
Men CHEAT ON WOMEN JUST FOR SEX BUT THEY STILL LOVE THEIR WIVES .
And has a urge to have sex and mess around .
He do not want you and he are not neva gon na call
No , you son of a bitch .
That is the first thing they look at .
I donna i usually focus on both i like a smart and pretty girl
Your not a cat , your a person , and if you think your a cat , seek help .
Just some things to think about .
Pick the one that will always be there for you and who spends time with you !
Look her straight in the eyes . and keep refilling her glass .
I hate to say it but probably not , especially since you have not talked on the phone .
Well , you got ta defind what types of girls we r talkin about here !
I prefer a filthy rich man ! !
I do n't think so , you ca n't help what you are attracted to .
Sounds like he may be the one !
Because we are not the same
I guess you are pretty down now right ?
I 've tried to go out with other guys , he was jealous , but did n't want to get together again .
But there 's many men out there who wo n't .
Just try it and let us know how it goes !
Why do i sometimes do things that hurt me ?
Ask her out before somebody else does.you have nothing to lose until you have it !
It about how a person treats you .
Never mind him if he thinks his all that he does not deserve you .
I have a slightly big nose but not big ears .
Do n't start spoiling her on the first date or she  will think she owns you !
? - so you can do it with a person you really really trust
Well i got laid off and was still paying the bills but spending to much time around the house .
Even if she says it is ok , she probably does n't mean .
Wait til he makes the first move
If you get a broken nose when he turns your way , your luck 's in ; )
What do you think about that ?
What do you mean by r/n - roommate ? ? ?
Just play your cards right and be honest .
Or just pick up the phone and say Do you still love me ?
When you want to get married which include commitment , trust , love , etc .
Its not like my ex 's friend and I are dating , we just like eachother .
You prop up his stupid ego and that 's it- get rid of him .
I look for there personality and how they respond to me.and that they way more then me
Find a way to make him jelous and then mention that it bothers you .
And you wo n't have time to whine on the computer anymore .
Love is blind because all the negative things about that person suddenly do n't matter anymore .
Make a list of things you like about each one .
Go for the one that you can relate most to
If you do n't wan na do that , then try hanging out with him .
I miss and love her so much .
If you have a problem , then , sit down and calmly talk about it !
Then ask him if he will like to go out some time .
Going out for dinner or to the cinema
Yes it makes you more flexible
The girl would have to be a real jerk to want to do that .
Smart guy , you had the chance , you let it go .
So , I 'm sry if this did n't help but I hope it does .
Do you stare , smile , tell her str8 off , or what ?
Glory Road . if you wan na see a man cry
Oh my goodness , where to start ? ? ?
Because some girls may not like your personality but still may want to keep you
In this web cam chatting innocently .
Do you ever see him eyeing other men ?
I think you guys should some what spice your marriage .
Just stay calm about it and hopefully everything will go smoothly .
Guys do not do well with feelings because of testosterone its that simpel
: ) No need to boast about your annual income .
Trust me it works , for me it did anyways .
All I can say is YUCK ! !
Summer definetly , it 's hot , I love doing things outdoors and it 's beach weather .
I previously entered the question about the advice i needed about the guy i like .
I do n't do anything for sex .
Most men only care about one thing and one thing only . getting sex .
He is obviously happy if he is with another girl .
In this day and age just ask him .
When you always think of that somebody .
Hi Friend , I hope you are having a great day .
Like you addicted to something , he/she ca n't get out of your mind .
They want to be taken care of !
Just listen you are heart when you r in love .
It is probably because you are a mean .
Then if he do not , then he do not will not you
She will be excited that you actually got her something different and unique : ) : ) Ms.Orchid
Men do n't have a g spot only women do .
To love somebody that when you see them , you lose your breath ?
Females push them to it all the time
Try A SLOW DANCE IF YOU WANT HIS MEAT . OR TRY ASKING HIM WHAT HE WANTS .
Its normal . but make sure you do not take it too far , and try not to obsess about the argument !
If she did # 2 . keep at it !
Sometimes i work out before sex and it 's actually better .
And tell her if she needs a sausage .
When she arrived , i jumped out of it , lol
Oh no its not uncomfortable at all . its really quite nice . hits the g-spot . its good
If he does not answer , come to me i  will love you forever .
I saw 'him ' hiding from me . ouch . * cries *
Age is just a number . anything is possible
If you really care for your bestfriend , just set him free .
Unless the doctor specifically tells her not to have sex . it is totally safe all the way up to delivery .
Or what ever else you feel.sex is a bueatiful thing so be sure to enjoy it .
Just take care , , , invite for coffee . slowly ask her phone no . she will judge you then . everything will be fin .
Do N'T say its not you it 's me !
YOU will find out soon enough i promise
Sex is only max 30 min a day .
Here chew an apple and make out with me , i like the pulp .
Then make plans to have fun with friends without him .
If you really like that guy and he likes you too and the feelings are mutual .
1.i 'm 88 % sure that i started a temporal distortion for four hours , . in one of my experiments . !
? . just curious . i mean . skinney but a round butt . just some back
Well let us see if you were a guy and you were n't gay , wouldn ; t you be mad because women did n't exist ?
Ummmm . why did you ask this here ?
If she does n't respond then you just have to find another girl .
I bought for my bf and i. and barely even stay there sold after a couple of months
Some do , some do not its all in how they were raised
Talk louder an appear not to notice the guy
Have the guts to go up and talk to her
Young girls can be fun and energetic .
Not letting the age difference get in the way of love !
Well I Am tired of repeating myself over and over , I feel like I Am wasting my breath .
Use good manners but do n't be afraid to be honest .
Sully gave you the best answer . she is totally right .
So get the heads up on this before that other guy does !
Maybe when you learn how to spell virginity .
Me too but i are not picky like you .
If she wants to get married that bad then I guess , you guys are not made for each other .
The last place you should be picking your nose is during sex
Warm soap and water . oh i 'm sorry i thought you said an odor of protection .
I think you should tell her what you feel ! ! !
Especially if you feel you could n't trust him no matter what .
I cannot understand , if you want a chat mate does it matter if he/she is hot or not ?
There is only one solution forget what 's going coz its not you are fault you r right in you are place .
Nah , it does n't nescessarily mean so .
Why do n't you give it a try ?
When your talking about normale stuff just say it
Why would you ask us that w/o telling us what is going on ?
I did it with one of my best girl friends .
Y r you stressing yourself that much ? !
But make sure she does n't know it 's you .
But is 21 and up too young you think ?
Make sure your on the pill then if you try both out you will not wonder who the father is
She did not have a friend in the world .
Oh , remember , do it in person , not on the phone , it is much nicer that way .
But again , do n't worry about it .
. baby do not hurt me , do not hurt me . no more .
Put his flick on the internet , and say that he is avavailible 2 suck dick with his phone #
When i talk to him on the phone my voice cracks .
Ask yourself what are you gon na do , and what you want .
First off , if you are , stop listening to Pink Floyd , they are probably not going to help .
I am using my boyfriends computer
This sounds like my sister and her now husband .
After all the punishment should fit the crime !
Bcuz you did not tell him ?
I was with her like 24/7 and she just wants her space right now .
You will know if he is the guy for you .
He will say I look sexy , But he had a hard time getting use to say it .
Do n't listen to anyone else tell you what to do .
You all either got the wrong ones or the right ones .
Not sure if it is the same everywhere .
I might be in love . i do not want to blow it !
) , and full name and possible aliases at the courthouse , though .
The way he acts with you in public vs the way he use to act .
Talk WITH EACHOTHER MAYBE ALL YOU NEED IS COMMUNICATION
YOU have to have trust or you have nothing
! YESSS YOU DID IT AND ANSWERED SO MANY PEOPLES QUESTIONS . YOU MUST BE A GOOD FRIEND .
Give him a love tap on the arm and giggle while asking why he did n't call .
So all you 've got ta do is realize that , get out there and be the awesome person you are !
No because then we all would not be here
If you swing to the left with a gay partner you be waiting a long time , : )
Hes got you waiting like a puppy on a lease .
( for now ) he 's just so beautiful .
He is love , peace etc .
No , there is no way to tell .
Ask him out , or let him ask her out
Take her to a funny movie and just be there for her
Do they have a problems with it ?
Would you like naked pix of me ?
If he says yes , then great !
I would n't go out with him if he was a show off and acting like he is all that !
Make up your mind and be a man !
If you have got his # hit him up .
And you r willing to do everything just to makehim/her happy !
Do Not lead her own you jerk
Nah just kidding I live in the Wood !
Also his ex is his first true love .
What do you tihnk about that ?
The next week , I tried calling and she did n't call back .
So you are a marraige / couple wrecker huh , and your too lazy to find your own guy huh ?
B carefull man that thing is contagious .
Come here spunky . ill date you honey . i am decent too ! sly_dogg1969 @ yahoo.ca
Its old 50 and 60 dance.with the poodles on the skirts and long shirts
No , because you  will end up losing both .
I do not kno anything that is y i alwys try to stay in contact !
Usually , it is the guy that does that !
This machinic is happily married but wanted to get together .
Spring . hopeful , sunny , bright , not to hot not to cold - just right !
So if you are mate cheat on you would you consider that right .
If only we knew how to act to make areselvs look 'bigger '
Do you love him ? Do he love you ?
For me , I always want him to be there on my birthday.I think that is better than a gift .
Even if it means hurting forever .
I want him to ask me to marry me because i do not want know bother but him .
If you are n't then be more UNIQUE ! !
Hell ya , I wish I had a few of them .
To chat - Yes To meet in real life - No
18. senior grad party in highschool .
N WHAT WE WANT OF LIFE ?
YOU can contact me . only if you are not asian .
I guess you are young and confused do n't worry it will all fall in place .
Women : Make love to your man , ask about him often , etc .
Sure there are plenty of them !
But dating should be a stage where you are more than friends and less than lovers .
Ask him what he wants & do it for him ! !
It safe but everyone works hard and goes to bed .
Ask him/her and get married on a special day which you 2 like .
Unless he cheated or did something like that then BE MAD ! ! !
Why would I hurt myself , and someone else ? ? ?
Money listen to her needs and romance her to death .
Try this way , wait and watch .
Ask HIM OR EVESDROP ON HIM DUH
Same sex so who cares , you do n't own them you are just in a relationship .
Jeeee-sus , I love them Webcam girls ?
I doubt he wants to be left out !
Well mayb you should try to start a conversation .
Absolutely its ok if you really think your friend is a person you can relate to
I think personality because iam funny outgoing caring person
Why whas wrong with wanting a women over 35 ?
If you really like the guy , you would want him to be happy .
You could probably stand to STOP HAVING SEX WITH YOUR BEST FRIENDS BOYFRIENDS !
So much drama . dump that whole bag and go after a new circle of friends .
Three years is a looong time and he needs to suck up and face it like a man !
You can , but you got ta work for it , you know i 'm sayin ' ?
Looks , age , personality , compatability , income . in that order .
Me and my guy do things a bit different .
If you think that he should then you do it for him .
You do n't need to say it .
No matter how good she is , she is human . curiosity will get to her and she will look through them !
His girlfriend even thinks we should go out .
Try going to a gay club
Married 23 years and things are pretty bad .
And that was it for the next 3 months .
When you find that you can share your sky with her .
I Am a men and ill answer for my gf we read together and it does add some spice
C if he feels like being with you .
Love Will also tell you when you look like crap even if it hurts .
No i think it 's very romantic that kind of thing is n't around that much anymore
YOU R GOING TO LOSE BOTH .
Go up to him grap is ham ham and ask him what he is doing 2night
I 'm a guy , and i got cheated on once , and it hurt me a lot .
If he stares at you a little longer than normal .
Pick one and be happy with the choice .
I Am a guy but i hate those playful guys too .
It does'nt real matter o me but somtimes it does.long it not to small
Try to work out y he 's not fufilling what you want instead of flaunting with the next man .
I did n't think he  would ever go for me .
Any female from india wannabe my friend ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Only if you are interested of course .
And yes this is a problem .
Both had children from previous marriages ( dad 4 and mom had one ) .
To nget married and find a place to stay fro a honeymoon ?
If the guy was in it foe sex , soon after he gets what he wants .
I do not know , but i can tell you if you find the right one .
Then he would say o definately .
Love vs hate and ignore the bible verses .
Personally , I have a husband , women are n't my preference , so I ca n't help ya there , hon .
Yes , but is guilty love worth anything ?
If HE WAS JUST LOOKING UP INTERNET PORN I WOULD NOT BE SCARED .
( some girls mix sexual feelings for love )
Maybe he saw you eating a cock roach off the floor
At least , it sounds like she told you about it and did n't try to hide it .
If your a boy your dick will get hard , if your a girl you will leak . : lol :
She should be able to take it .
I just ca n't put my finger on it .
Just GO TO BEST BUY OR YOUR LOCAL COMPUTER STORE AND THEY SHOULD BE ABLE TO HOOK YOU UP .
Yeah- he  would prob ' dump me b/c I might make his dicision too hard for him to keep .
And you feel the same for him .
Sure i mean what makes the difference its worth it in the end .
A lot of girls out there want a guy that will care about them like your guy .
Just talk to him , that will help you a lot .
Like for me i focus more on the girls personality .
One of my favorite gifts to my boyfriends back in the day was a basket of goodies .
Pampered . seems harmless enough unless they have mothering issues
And worms if you  are a dog .
If he watches too much t.v .
( ^ , ) choose someone who you think is worth of your love .
Never told him that you like him , people want thing that they ca n't have .
Well she is a b * * * h why did n't she break up with him in the first place
Why do n't you ask him out ?
That 's the way love and marriage work .
If you have something in common to talk about that 's a good start !
If she decks you , you went too low too fast .
2nd OF ALL MAKE SURE ITS SUPER ROMATIC .
You only find the 'perfect ' guy once in a million - if you  are lucky !
Because You want to be around her . and she is Not there .
If HE IS YOUR HUSBAND THAN HE SHOULD BE SPENDING HIS SPARE TIME WITH YOU OR GUY FRIENDS .
Best of luck . you will definitely need it .
If it 's your older sister- mind your own ( d ) amn business !
If he do not really pay attrention to you and is always flirtin around with other girls .
That 's the only way to help you get over anybody .
If you should do it if you do n't stay with him !
Why should it matter what color someone is . I thought it was always important , if the person treated you right ! ! !
Its called a * buzz * . its called lingerie . its called a lot of things , but when you cheat . you get called a whore .
But i am not a bad person i did not go and brake up a home .
She asked about the flowers and I just said .
To me i think hes confused .
Some guys like to drive on straight roads .
I think he 's playing games with me !
Put all your love into the one that needs you the most right now . YOUR BABY ! ! ! !
I was mad bcuz it was goin sooooooooo good .
Just go for a tiny bit more each time .
If you are just having fun and not willing to commit for the long run . sex
Because i 'm in need 4 a boy friend
- Well , where is he now then .
Hey if you and the girl you find are cool with it , why not ?
There are two guys that like me .
How do you know what type of person it is and what you  will be getting yourself into ?
Some things , once done , can not be undone .
If YOU DO N'T CARE ABOUT YOUR JOB I GUESS IT DOES NOT MATTER
You do want her to come to you if he 's pushing her too far do n't you ?
If that 's so , then move on .
You lose if you bite their bate .
I always believed in THE MORE THE BETTER .
I WOULD FAINT , THEN I WOULD LEAVE THE HOUSE .
No its all about the way you work it
Every one of us has a destined person
Really though your better than that !
If you are looking for a girl that is not shallow mabey you should n't be shallow .
I do not know wat else to say . it weird asking complete stranger this . but oh well
& make something true outta all of this ?
Tell her that with a calm straight face . )
( and by the way it is more normal than what you think . )
If he does n't start acting like the way he used to then maybe its time to move on .
Yes , i am sorry to say but this is just a teaser .
Mabey because you are doing something he does not like
Now I do n't know what to do .
Just be responsible , show her that you care , and talk with sense !
I DO N'T KNOW MAKE UP A GOOD ONE .
If you do n't , then I would dump her .
No it 's just eye candy if you just enjoy watching pornography of 2 girls .
If there 's a girl you want , but she 's in a relationship . um .
Or say something and wish you had n't ?
How should I even get a guy to be interested in me ?
Do you have any ideas pls ?
Sounds like it , just too shy to talk to you if you like him approach him and talk
If he liked her I do n't think it would be a problem .
I  will tell you , what 's her number ?
Use feathers or fingertips and just lightly caress each other all over ( except . you know . ) .
Tell him that its just not working between you 2 and part ways .
Sorry mama , bt you are question is vague .
Try another guy . ( i HATE age diffrence . )
YOU jsut starts showing full confidence and trust on him.the thing will come to normal
Relax its fine , nobody cares as much as you do .
Suck it up and say something .
If someone ca n't look past another person 's looks . it 's time to move on .
Why do n't you have sex with him ?
Say it was nice meeting you .
If he has kids get out get out .
Poor you i wish your answer is no
Good luck and stay away from him
He says he wants to leave her and she treats him so badly .
After looking back you might find that you are not the one with the problem .
I still feel like i need somone to hang out with .
They pretend to be scared cuz its an easy out and women are sappy enough to buy into it .
What if you had gotten pregnant ?
I knew it would n't be easy to tell my dad , so I decided not to .
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
Chances are you know some already , but you just do not know it .
Mall , movie , dinner at your place , bowling .
I understand that would be hard but being honest would help .
Does it matter , gay or not do you think you were going to hook up with him ?
! this gf and sister thing should n't even be a question ! !
Mixed females are just way too hot .
Everytime id text him he  would start arguments and say i was the one always starting it .
I think it is cute to play around .
No mature guy would date even 2 girls at a time , not to mention 5 , its ridiculous .
Which one your ex-boyfriend is ?
Last time i was there he was drinking alcohol and he is only 15. i really need help !
You MUST think about your baby now ! !
Ofcourse he still loves you . it 's just that he got mad at you ! ! !
Once A CHEATER= ALWAYS A CHEATER . find someone new , and try looking somewhere else BESIDES the internet .
I mean how old do you have to be to buy protection , do they card you ?
After all , they were only talking , you were kissing .
Trust . that is something that once lost is a bitch to gain back !
He was on my friends list , he had two other women on his .
I am the same age have YOU tried lieing or sneeking out.Works 4 me
That Is exactly what he wants you to do .
This is just a question to thro out there .
Because no decent girl wants to be with a jerk .
Stay friends.If you did date him make him jealous .
Yes , but do n't lose her she will be fine if you just love her
It ended up being one hell of a night for me ! ! !
I Am so sorry she has not answered you properly !
I admire you for still being a virgin .
Well , does he really like the girl ?
I like this guy , but he has a girlfriend .
Why did the blondes belly button hurt ! ! !
And I thought I had a tough one with quitting smoking . which did n't work by the way .
It depends , what she means , if she means she likes you alot , then it 's a compliment .
But never lie about it to a girl ( e.i .
I like him but panic whenever I Am around him .
Baby : Baby weighs 1 pound 9 ounces ( 709 grams ) .
What he likes , what you like .
But the reality is , lover ca n't be great friends .
Good girls are honest , they say what they think about without hurting other people 's feelings .
! and plus you can always get another girl friend ! !
I Am 31 and still get looks !
If you want to cry , . cry .
You just have to lear to accept each others belifes , or lack there of .
Did you ever really care for her or was it just a physical thing .
Well you can act like you know them say you when to school with them .
If you have a mutual friend , have them tell him you are interested .
When you get married it 's a serous thing .
If you think it wo n't work , quit and get a new job .
I wo n't be making out with every guy I see if I know it wo n't lead to anywhere .
If he is thaen he has been there and done things .
Plus , I wonder if he did even love you .
If you guys have a good friendship , you could probably let him in on your little secret .
It depends , I did n't see if you were a he or a she .
How do i get that website
I find myself asking the same question about meeting a decent guy .
Some people like to try before they buy .
People put way too much emphisis on looks .
Just because the are not blood does not make them not family .
If you think he is cheating on you , he probably is .
I do n't know but it will be ashame if he was .
Unless you are maried to the girl , your sister comes first .
. wish to share , am a returner favourer kind of person .
Spiel they have you do , and some guy responded with Your phone number .
You are in love right , age is a number not a life style .
If you stay on here . possibly not anytime soon : D
I know I sound stupid but I need to know
I know , what a dork right ?
I do n't call it as moving on .
By the way this has nothing to do with gender , men can be just as stubborn .
But if you meant will I ever have an affair the answer is its up to you .
Girlkat , I think you like me .
You just have to trust her .
Must s you c k to be me . : ) ~
Its all good unless you drive a 1978 Ford F-100
But , for om extent , an e friend may be helpful till you meet you are real 1 .
Why am I the victim here ?
Well , that 's where i come in .
Well i like the weird ones ! like hes a sweetheart by all means .
Ask for money instead of gifts .
Well so was i and we are doing pretty good .
I am not talking about my dad .
It depends on what you talk about with the ex .
It 's a scam . I got that too . no such thing
You could keep it exclusive to close family and friends .
It will just annoy him and piss him off even more .
But I am a big fan and I do n't care about that .
Are you a good guy and just want to talk ?
Most of my friends are guys .
Not to be disrespectful , but hell naw !
I 'M ONLY 21 AND I 'VE BEEN WITH MY HUSBAND FOR FOUR YEARS AND I RECENTLY GOT NARRIED TO HIM .
If he have a girlfriend already , n still wants you ?
This CAN be FUN for BOTH of you ! !
It looks like you r a ncie guy .
If the girl really loves you , she wil reconcile with you n give you another chance .
What is it ; not having sex ?
Would you if you had the chance ?
There are so many pregnant women who feel that way .
It must be that the dude treated her really bad .
Take you are time and study her
Cheer up & have some fun !
And above all like Will Smith says go 90 % and let her come 10
( by the way , r you crazy )
It is not you talking it is all hormonal talking .
Do Not use sex n your body for having fun !
Hay i thinks its relly kool their looking at boobs their looking at i think its a complientt
To protect them from getting hurt
You  are just going to get labeled a possesive bastard who can rot .
Does she even know anything about him ?
It 's like this . YOU DO NOT LOVE ANY OF THEM !
He says that i am the right girl but hes to young .
If you love him and he feels the same then what does it matter how other people feel ?
Cross him out of my life or continue going over to his house since i 'm friends with his sister .
I think you need to ask yourself some pretty tough questions like . Can I live with this ?
Before him I was only dating guys in their 40 's , 'casue I wanted someone mature .
Best of luck to you , Keep it real
Maybe you should think what is missing in your relationship and make it work that way !
There 's a guy who 's 31 who I 've hung out with .
My husband never cared what i had to say even in the beginning .
Should i leave her alone so she will not get yelled by her mom everyday because of me ?
Email me and i  will let you know how big i  would like it to be !
No guy is romantci tillyou mack him
Not ONLY AM I BEAUTIFUL BUT I AM PHEONOMINAL.GET AT ME .
You feel it like its right and you alwayz want 2 be around this person
It do not mean she des love you but she mite have a crush on you
The roles are so backwards these days !
What would a 22 year old man think about dating a 25 year old women ?
Ok , Let me get this straight up front . Guys are often clueless about subtle hints .
I Am so not into picking someone up at a bar .
YOU need to talk to your dad about this be open tell him how you feel .
Because women are women . very annoying
Just hang out , make some guy friends and girl friends and hang .
Well its because they are desprate to jump into things
I do n't think so , if your in love your in love .
Bcuz you like that someone enough to date them and you have tons of fun .
I 'm a good looking guy and i have no problem meeting people and i love to have fun .
Now cheat on him , it will feel so sweet ! , then dump the chump and move on
Yo your are mad kool in my book
Always no matter what be yourself and if that is not good enough the guy is trash
A friend ship is a big thing so do n't brake that .
I love her to deathand before her i never dated a girl . i have messed around but never dated one .
So why waste your time.You are woman and there 's lots of fish in the sea .
Like some people always say . once a cheater , always a cheater . i hope this helps . take care of yourself ! < 3
There Is more pain in your life than good n happiness
Divores him he is a jerk
Girls love a guy who smells good dude
18 or older and it has to be w/ someone who 's also 18 yrs or older
I guess i should have said that it 's too young , unless you  are not worried about divorce .
If you do n't feel so sure about him or you are not comfortable , then dump him
I think you guys should wait .
Either you pick him up , or have him pick you up .
Sweetheart means that you are a sweet person
Just say Can you do that for me , please ?
When you married it was for richer or poorer .
You should not care what other people think .
That happen to me in away & it took me awhile to get over it
I found my guy in the yahoo member directory and sent him an instant message .
Do n't bother with the girls that lust after 'hot guys ' , they are shallow and immature .
Just be careful on all counts .
( besides sex , guys ) or girls who know what 's worked for them ?
See how far she went with him .
I mean do you like much talking ?
Trying to ask for stuff on the net !
How long would you date a guy before you would have sex with him ?
Dear , it is all in your mind .
I just thought of her as my friend and I still do .
A mans guitar tells a lot more to me : -p
Find urself someone else and mayb it will help .
Tell him he ai n't got it like that .
Because honestly that is usually what it means .
On why is he cheating .
It might be hard at first but guys come and go .
What do you all like while haveing sex ?
Make your decision and get back to me kid .
She KNOWS WHAT SHE TALK'N ABOUT ! !
If you know the piano or any classical instruments they may like you !
I do not know my big brother is so overprotective it sickens me
I guess my boyfriend ( well now my ex ) and friends decided to play a little joke on me .
YOU know when his whole attitude change with you .
You just tell her , flat out .
Well i am a kid ( no offense to other kids ) but great parenting .
I  would say what but it would n't be opropriate
Yes it is important to married couples !
If you want to scream , . scream .
Chicks can be reall Odd at times .
Its ok but talk to him
Actually all man wants to have a girlfriend but somehow they do n't know how to start the relationship .
Even though I know its hard at times , But there is always calm after the storm god bless
Maybe seprate for a little while
It 's not so bad , you do n't know what your missing !
You  are her husband the other guy is just that another guy . What 's so confusing about that ! ! !
Believe it or not women ask the same question about men .
But be nice to her too .
Someone , who talks sweet + thinks sweet things , and + eat sweets = sweet heart
Basically , what I told her is that she should come right out and tell them .
Get out there and get comfortable doing every day things .
And I have no idea on what to wear !
Your trying that hard to get a girl ? ? ? ? ?
Sure fire way to get her something she wants .
If you get te answer please forward to me too ! !
Talk TO HER ABOUT IT AND LET HER KNOW HOW YOU FEEL .
YOU mean you want to keep two-timing , or should i say , five-timing all these 5 girls ?
Yes i should it 's ok for a female to ask a guy out
Lol , BY THE WAY , as you have guessed , she is jealous and wants you to be out of the race .
So my answer to your question is : It beats me !
And they are good lookin ' just they way it hangs down .
Do not give up you will find him .
Disney world , add some good fun to thier honeymoon !
Coz they all love the bad boy .
Wow that does n't sound to good . but then again I do n't know your girlfriend
What if you guys break up , then you have to see each other everyday .
However , only do this if you guys are still on good terms .
Wait until the 10th grade then give him a call
Depends on wat kind of person you are !
Not to hard ot figure out here
2 ) you do n't want to lose all of them ?
By the way , not doing it w/ you does not really he 's gay or something .
If A WOMAN OR A MAN LOVE EACH OTHER WHY CHEAT .
Her idd does though and will let her know
Grab his butt guys love that
YOU can but you have to keep it professional .
I think its for hygeinic reasons . but as they say it increases sensation , so there ! !
Since nobody else here knows what to tell you or even cares about you .
Guys r horny , you just got ta show them some stuff
Differs from one man to another
Never do that just be good ex almost married peeps
And feel free to email me or yahoo messenger
If she says NO , ask her 'why do n't you ' .
Hum I am gay does that help please respond if you get this message bud
Talk to her and find out if she likes you !
When you put you are penic in . do it really slowly and it must last long .
Why are you still going over there ?
I am married and have 2 beautiful children .
Outgoing definately . they  are more fun to hang with ! !
However much i hate 2-timers , i still wish you luck in finding you are true love one day .
He cheated on you , so he was not meant to be your bf .
No no no it 's all wrong wrong
Be yourself and do not fear getting close .
No i have not but i really would like to try it .
If hes good enough you  will have an o
No it 's natural but if you do n't do it it will be ok for you .
Or the person you love does n't see that you love her at all .
This is most sad wrongly bad !
When friends hook up it can turn nasty .
I hope i did well : P
If you really are in love you will feel it .
Turnoff- GIRLS THAT HANG ON ME AND DO NOT TRUST ME .
I think that he like some one else
Should i just let him go on his way to try mend the relationship with his ex or what ?
But i would n't be anyone beyond her to judge her .
Like parents , we always fight with them but we still love them and they love us too ! !
If you STILL ca n't get one , well .
Its long because they have to see if its ture love or not .
Your in bed with a girl and your worrying about leg hair ?
That 's telling me he needs some sort of counciling .
Its about what is rite for you .
Keep them both is going to be problems down the line .
Then GET OVER HIM ITS THE OWELY WAY
He says that he fell out of love with me .
-eye contact -waving -middle finger ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Who cares i will go out w/you i am 14 lol
Thay cannot make out guys . thay do not know what is what
And do n't let him lie to you .
Lke phone sex from your cell to the hous .
And its pointless to even try to understand .
If you really love the guy , you should n't doubt esp .
I do two boy cousins and one female .
That does not mean hang out with band geeks .
Y would it be bad if you liked him ?
Ask yourself do you want this guy to be in your life no matter what ?
Well , without a huge club , you ca n't make anyone do ( or feel ) anything , but .
Ill take either one so long as they r so so so hot ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I think we are both happy !
Nice arms , to feel that i am safe in them
Tell them to stop be annoying .
No it means your curious it ok
He starts deviating frm the topic and in the end i donno wats happening !
Better TO HAVE PLENTY THAN NOT .
I Am going to tell you in a straightforward way how to get everything you ever wanted .
Cute sexy girls could caccth any boy they are taking you for granted .
Um , do n't start out possesive with anyone .
Wait til he gets back , then ask again .
When you have true love and know that he/she are the one
When you have sex with her .
I think you should always live in the moment . enjoy .
Make it her happiest day ever Mom ! !
But ask him and see what he says .
Never ever talk to this girl again .
Any guys out there who know what they  would want ?
What , like I ca n't get that ? ! .
Just go up to the person that you like and grab her arms and kiss her ! !
He may not be like the lasted guy as much as you think = )
What if the relationship doing go well , you  would have to see that person everyday .
And pleanty of Chemical X , if you want a freak in the bed .
You  are a good girl just by being you and not someone else .
YOU will now you sould just ask him !
Go outside and meet real people .
16 . but 21 is too young . mistake i wish i could take back
Then you will find out yourself saying that .
Ud just have to respect the fact that its his/her decision .
Do n't do anything your not comfortable with and never comprimise yourself
If not , at least you wo n't have to carry that big , I wonder if . on your shoulders .
All the way , its alot more fun and easier to get along with
Be nice and lay on the charm .
That means she 's doing what you should n't .
If you are really in love what is wrong wit that ?
Just enjoy him the way you have been , gay or straight
Women out with rude arrogant unemployed dirtbags .
Without this all there would be is silence .
No seriously . love is unconditional . and a realo love brings out the best and the worst in you .
Have a lil pride in urself
Just TELL HIM THAT THINGS AR N'T WORKING AND WHY THEY AR N'T .
No , i do n't think it 's a good idea .
And I am sure his wife did n't like it !
Does this guy have a good job ? does he have a temper-jealous-control you-get along with your family ?
Who cares what other people think ? ? ?
It goes on and on forever .
From the way I see it , there is no way for her to learn other than the hard way .
Do Not ever think your not good enough .
For me that love is just a physical attraction !
YOU have to accept the fact that he/she is gay .
Ok seriously you treat it like any other break up .
Just say hey buddy , you know that I love you .
If you have kdis that is means you like havin babys and maybe the guy wants kids to .
Good LOOKS BUT IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A GOOD HEART BEHIND THE GOOD LOOKS THAT IS NOT GOOD EITHER
Send a pic , that one is not doing it for me . wait I 'm latin . never mind .
Do Not miss out on your education .
Just curious . i 'm not even 19 yet
Any way girls are always hot !
This female domination shit is for the birds man !
Sleeping or doing you know what
If you are hot they will come to you eventually .
Put it to her the best you can
You remind me of my sister .
Why do not you try on the dating line
Walk her 2 the door hug her goodbye , then turn the hug in2 a kiss
Tell her you want nothing to do with her
I know it is bad , but I ca n't help myself .
Have you ever been left all alone .
Ya should not marry if your not 100 % sure .
Just make sure your dog is n't hungry !
You like what you ca n't have .
They have good families , a great wife , etc .
Well it is not so hard , talk about things that you both have in common .
Exotic looking . Plus the contrast is very sexy .
Maybe snack a bit and get back to foreplay before doing it again .
Yes , it 's always ok to be friend with somebody , even if they  are your enemy .
Well it might just be maybe you need to find more in common with them
Hi girl i am in 7th grade too y you set him up ?
Finally someone from STL , a club
Never say ever , do not lose your hope .
He 's not dirty , just a clutterbug , drives me crazy !
There is always a way .
It does n't matter if she got you a present .
Because boys are smarter than girls baby !
Talk to your sister about it .
A cheating man thinks with the wrong head .
Try making it something you do together .
Make a date to truely be together for ever .
Still , I doubt anyone takes them seriously , anyway .
Do n't worry about what other people say . your not on this earth to please anybody but YOUR SELF ! ! !
Man you can get a girl that loves you do n't worry about it .
Easy to fall in lust , hard to fall in love .
Women are just as scared sometimes !
I do n't think it unreasonable to ask him to try , and see how it goes .
Well , because men do think !
This is sum men to men advise . tell her you like her dude !
Did they change in anyway other than you now knowing ?
The one thing i like on a woman 's body is their eyes and feet .
No if you like or loves him tell him and before that you have to know him
Or are you just maybe thinking about kind of loving him ?
There ought to be a grace period though , so you do n't look like you pick up leftovers .
Ao treat the because not the effect !
It was awful when wanted something I knew would n't work .
You are young and you need to have fun .
Stand up and fight , forget about yourself and your moaning about .
I hope you can get good result : )
You should go win some money .
He swept me right off my feet !
Really have no idea at all .
Ya kind of got ta feel sorry for the guys in a way , being so dependent on us , poor things .
Just do not be tired of lookin ' .
I 'm seperated and i really like this new guy , but he lives in florida , and i live in louisiana .
Is he giving me excuses instead of just sayng he doest like me ?
Why ca n't i find her ? ? ? ? ?
Should Not the guy be doing that ?
If she says yes than good luck !
Of course it is , why would n't it be ?
( self love is -hair-fingernails-massage-exercise , you know the rest ) 8~ ) y - - Peace .
Not if you do n't want to be .
I knew it another good looking man turn gay what the fuk are women doing to men ! !
Even if they do n't admit it i  will say boobys
Never break up cuz you have been dating to long , that makes no sence !
If they like you they will not care about looks dress nicely though just to invite them around the corner
I think its worth it !
Just accpt it he is family
If he likes you , ya wan na make him work for it .
Evergirls like no person but boyfriend !
You just have to be patient .
If she 's not interested she  will let you know and then at least you wo n't wonder anymore !
She IS N'T WORTH GOING TO JAIL OVER .
Wait a while before asking Ready now ?
Everytime that i have a chance , is what I really like .
But i do not know how to help you .
But this whole deal of once you go out with someone , you ca n't date anyone else is b * * * S * * * ! ! !
No age do not matter and i think younger men like older women good luck
Send me a message on 360 : )
One girl at once you do n't need to rush anything .
If yours does , though , have you consider soap and water ?
Bad boys are hot . but they  are not worth it .
In times when people around are discouraging you .
Go for it if it 's wat you want !
If SO THEN I HAVE A SMALL ONE TOO !
Actually only bad boys/men themselves think ALL woman want them .
In a 1 yr time spand .
You will just have to get used to it .
Tell him uhave new guy~guarenteed 2 work
Plus what if you got pregnant .
You get to think you are what they say .
No but you make no sense .
Depends actually being married yeah it is but if only casual sex nope
No she is too dang young !
Now , you have to have the right tone of voice - VERRRY SARCASTIC !
And well love is n't about 5 just 1 and 1 .
Love me for who i am ?
Mixed girls are just BOOM ass fuck , when they are the have the ass the looks and the chust
So . How do you like your eggs in the morning ?
Ok let us go part by part .
I love him dearly and I do not want to lose him .
Do you believe in love at first sight ?
Sum of dem punk out n do exactly wat you say or ask !
Woman . without a doubt . Gods ' gift to man .
If your sex life is not good everything falls apart .
Yea even short girls can be hot as hell not just cute
And they want it in cash .
Just chill out and do whatever you wan na do , be urself
If you do not its already over .
B/c it 's the bad boy image that attracts them , personally i go for the nice guy , but that 's me .
Its fun and not as messy .
But it depends on how well you handle it to give excitement
Look , its all entirely individual and up to the couple involved !
Basically what everyone has said but to keep it simple how you react or another person reacts without speaking
I do not know why but they say gay guys have fine taste .
No guy likes a dumb woman .
All you need is two things , passion and love
There Is still a little spark , but not so bright anymore .
Fifty to sixty years you realy need to know if she snores
And also we see each other like every day , we do n't know each other though . hElP !
I Am a girl and I lost my virginity at 15 .
This is just about 90 percent of all guys dreams just ask or tell him .
And now I have another boyfriend , and he much sweeter and he would never do that to me ! !
But he is getting married this month .
Guys get horny if you touch their body anywhere .
Just follow you are heart no matter what other people say .
- that we could be more than friends .
It is how you use it ! !
Fuck guys fast . lol well i do not know i just thot that sounded funny .
I do n't know what you are talking about , but it does .
Yeah am with the dude make the action kiss him when his not looking
Whatever you do do n't act like a stalker .
Anyone who says you  are not good looking , do n't bother taking them seriously .
What do you mean by good ?
YOU do n't mind if you r being hurt by your love .
Lol j/j but what a waste of meat
I promise it works bcoz i had chkd svrl times on many girls in such cases .
If its for the experience . by all means . tell her !
Am not same girl he meet .
Wow we probably have had one , we just did n't know about it .
No becouse thy might go back and do it agin its not worth it .
There are other guys out there .
Not because your scary per se .
I f you have n't found someone , no big deal ! ! !
Tell me what you think guy 's and girl 's .
You should kno better than to let a real friend go
Because he is a guy and guys act stupid at times .
Sometimes you ca n't help who you love but never refer to yourself as crazy .
So you make her feel comfortable then she will like you .
Now , that 's when you should call him .
I know his profile for MySpace and i am friends with him .
I 've been waiting 20 years and will keep on , i know someday we will be together
It means that he really does fell something about you .
To protect his damn pride i guess !
Till you get married you sinner !
Also , do not restrict yourself to taking only what you find at work ! !
I m guy , but i will help you .
Of course WOmen r Better Lover than men
But some are a lot bigger than that .
Hell they ca n't stand it , they need someone to hang around with .
But do not let her think you do not love her when you really do .
Accept the break up and move on , do not let him stay in your life !
In my experience , guys do n't really like that .
Guys just need to learn that that is not all there is to a relationship .
And after sex you must talk with her on any light matter .
No never do that if you do that he might brake your heart agin
I had experience and it works .
All i want is a fun , caring , carasmatic , spontanious girl that is also caring .
Oh you got one of those types .
Maybe they just do n't feel comfortable accepting it , or they do n't like it but are trying to be nice .
Is she not having sex with you enough because she does n't really want to ?
Just to bad they like skinny women !
Yet I do n't want to have regrets later ?
Well , wen a man and a woman love each other very much . hey wait a second !
But you  are still a kid , and you just have n't gained enough wisdom to make this sort of decision .
Ask Him if he likes you.i have liked the same guy 4 3 years too .
You have to be self confident , it is not always your fault ! ! ! ! !
Because we have no need for bull * * * * drama
Do the research you will be amazed
P.s : He 's married , but he is sooooooo very hot !
You could always look for another lesbian lover . i think that will solve both your problems buddy !
Yeah . 15 is too young . i 'm 16 , a virgin and at this age i 'm still not ready .
Do you put yourself first , or your mate ?
Because their boyfriends do n't want any hair in their mouths .
You NEVER KNOW IF YOU  WILL FIND SOMEONE BETTER .
I heard some guys like licking his armpits ( eww . ) .
The best age 15 when you start to get to be a women
I do n't know why you were asking but I do n't think your gon na get much response .
First he wanted you to quit smoking , now he says when you trust him ?
He says that he still likes me but is n't ready for a relationship .
Ask them ' if you think its worth the risk I hope I helped !
Talk 2 you are wife 4 sumtime then both of you go 2 sleep .
But you will have to face some problems .
If you do n't like any more you can keep being her friend .
What ever someone does to make you upset .
Oh girl , please let him go !
Fight tooth and nail for her !
Just 1 example : like havig an unplanned pregnancy .
I practically drooled whenever I saw him .
Even if you never do it again . will she really be able to forgive and forget ?
Ask her what SHE WANTS - what SHE NEEDS in bed - ASK HER WHAT FEELS GOOD to HER !
It seems to me you need sm1 to pass time with m .
Age would not matter would it ?
Give it up and find sombody else .
Sure , i have been in virtual love a lot of times
That is where I think relationships are like though .
That would n't be fair to you .
YOU could have better woman ! and besides we are men .
I do n't know what to do !
Most confident people ( women ) walk with a little twist/switch . kind of funny .
Go to the US get a wife , marry her and go back to your land . ; )
Girls ask that question every ten minutes .
Well earn enough money for the books and then go buy them and get you are butt to class . have fun
Give it some time to mature .
They are sweetie pies b/c they want to have sex with you. might not be the situation .
If you never talk about it , how can you expect them to now your true feelings ? ? ?
Almost all of my friends are guys .
Best thing to do is just ask her and then you  will know for sure .
I 'm gon na go with a no .
If htat 's the biggest problem you have to overcome in this relationship , i expect a wedding invitation soon !
Yell at him/her and say get away from my cuz
I would say full lips and nice teeth ( smile )
You just have to trust her .
Just jump him , he  will know you want him
Why do girls get played by boys ?
Fore play is great and romance is awsome ! ! !
If you want 20 or more in an hour gim me a call !
I take everyone seriously , plus that is what Heels are for . !
On average I say 3 times a week . you do the math .
Stop search for it.it will come to you !
How did you treat her when you were dating ?
Just help me out a little please ?
It 's not strange to have a 35 y/o virgin .
If after , you need to let him go !
I did not know that you could have that problem !
Very good question waiting for answers
But is your girlfriend there to stay ?
You should be willing to give without receiving if you are serious with this girl
Who says the girl ca n't give candy , flowers or little love notes ?
And say it to him very seriously without tears .
Every kiss is the first that is it .
Uhh do not get yur problem , he likes you , you like him get married have kids , cool
Have fun , do not be fake , double date .
Wel , if its not too muck trouble , you should not do these things and see if he is dissapointed .
If you have to ask , then he 's not 'the one ' .
No i do not think that that is the answer but it do not hurt to flert
You  will never know if you do not ask !
As in a penis entering a vagina , butt , or mouth . penetration . making love . fcuking .
Because if she is then just ask her when you 2 r alone .
Mmm . yummy . i prefer to be their friends first
If you mean having a boyfriend like hanging out at each others house then middle school/ jr high .
I feel so uncomfortable around her now .
If your coworker is your boss or supervisor or your supervisee , it would not look so good to others .
If he do not love her for who she is , the let him get the stepping .
There Is plenty of time for men later !
He 's my # 1 and I want him sooooooo bad ! ! !
I 'm not beautifuf but I am beautiful , sexy , smart and hung like a swollen firehose
Then look for someone to marry .
Maybe on that very last room , you  would find her . ( ^_^ )
Flirting is the best sport ever
3 ) if you still have a conscience , break up with all of them , admitting n apologizing for your mistake .
Women have to step up and start asking guys out .
He should be out of your life !
The older you get the less different this makes !
Even though ya  will started the relationship off of deception .
We email , can talk on phone , hes very afraid of getting hurt again.although i have reasssured him .
There Is nothing wrong with ex 's being just friends .
If they steal they are a theif .
You have to earn her trust back .
Make SURE THAT THE PERSON IS GAY BEFORE YOU THINK OF SAYING ANYTHING STUPID .
Tell police or you are parents immediatly ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1 girlfriend and 4 girls that are friends is a pretty good deal too .
Then what is a guy that drives a mustang GT ?
Do n't let go for you could never find it again .
It means I 'm going to get a heart attack in 5 minutes !
That way when you are done , all of your love energy is gone .
I NEED HELP , IT 'S BEEN FOUR MONTHS ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
( Please do n't misunderstand . I am still presentable just not child-like ) : )
Ok. i see your problem you know it is your fault for dating all of them ? !
This is n't fair to a guy .
Then that friend can tell him/her how good you r in bed .
No way not in that situation . my advice is to go on with your life and find someone closer .
Best of luck and God Bless !
I Am in an interracial marriage and am very happy .
My 2 best friends are guys .
Sense of humor it a turn on though , but physical , I 'm a Breast man ,
4 example in you are anniversaries is sex needed in celebrating it ?
It will kill you. : D. i do not mean to offense .
Sorry TO BREAK IT TO YOU .
No i think it depends on her personality and of they are easy
However - GOD created us and we  are all Beautiful , Pretty , and the like : ) .
Eharmony is expensive but very good .
I belive that one should at least try it once incase the sex do not happen on wedding night .
If he has not left her yet , hes not going to anytime soon .
You could just be freinds thoogh
My wife of 7 years just cheated on me .
Quit and get a less succesful guy
Hay i have 14 years form egypt my e-mail senchi_muto @ hotmail.com if you want to chat
I am ready for you ; )
I do not believe in a best age to get married i believe its when your ready as a couple .
I do n't see where you think a problem exists .
They think in their pants , not in their brain
Besides who wants to play a girl when her bestfrinds can kick his ass .
I want to be that Guy ! !
Yeah i 've seen times like these .
Dude , you do sound like that sex type thing from stp .
Well ask yourself . would you rather say nothing and wish you had ?
So is it okay for me and him to be friends ?
It COULD BE THAT SHE 'S TIRED IF SHE JUST HAD THE BABY .
Tell her that you are sorry that you were not meeting her needs ( inside you are heart you probably are ) .
I gave everything I had to him .
* do you or him have to move out of the house ?
But sure i can b beautiful for you .
You can met another lesbian online , but i 'm not sure where else- sorry
A. right the good and bad sides of both and compare .
I think it has sexual content
Yes that means he luvs you cuz mabey sometimes you do n't always agree on everything .
I  will get to the point ; i want a husband and a child .
He did wrong and could n't face it .
You NEVER HEARD THE SAYING YOU ARE WHAT YOU DRIVE ?
But if your always annoying this person just leave it alone .
Is the age difference gon na be a problem ?
Some men would kill for that .
Of course chubby guys can get dates !
Do i just listen to her ?
( seriously ) If you do n't already think you know who the girl of your dreams is then stop looking .
If you start something out as a lie then he/she is not really interested in you anyway !
And remember birds of a feather flock together .
If he is then he will think more about you are looks , hair , ect .
Maybe she feels bad about something ?
Oral sex while on the road
The age difference between both of us is not much .
We hate it when men do that to us
You should be honest w/ her .
She is trying to tell you that she dosnt will not to dump you but she dosent like you
Beleive me , MEN can take it .
Hope that helps , and good luck because you are always the most important person first in your life ! ! !
Sometimes , fireworks go off and there is no happy ever after .
You have n't met the RIGHT man yet ! !
Then we r still gon na be fresh for them !
When i try to console him he starts arguing and he does not let me talk .
I do not understand guys one minute there making out with you n the next there like eww get away ? ! ? ! ?
A girlfriend of mine is lesbian and she wants to have sex with me .
Nice girls do want nice guys .
Since he cheated on you , i would say not to go out with him again .
But i am into the badboys Like we party a lot but its fun .
Some people have problems with this because of problems they have inside !
B/c you poop out of it DUH
If you also like him then just open up and take him in your stride .
Just make a wise choice there are so many dumb people out there .
You got ta try before you buy .
The four c 's and you will make it if you both feel , and share these !
Mail me i ll tell you exact answer .
Thanks for the ride baby , now get your stuff and get to stepping !
Well , it 's kind of creepy and the guy will feel awkward .
Yes , for your emotional well being , let this sleeze ball go , you can do sooo much better !
These days who do we have ?
Just grab his attention and do not let go !
I 'm starting to get that vibe - you know the one I 'm talking about ?
Or just to 'get it off your chest ' ?
I am not afraid to , but , i am 34 years old , so , i really have nothing to loose .
If he is cheating already then he will cheat on you also .
That should work it worked for me !
So do not try too hard , cuz you will only draw a blank .
If he does n't say thanks , forget him , he 's a jerk .
But everyone keeps talking noise about how he look gay was stuff .
Ft. Bragg is right down the road ! !
Wow , that girl has issues , if she cannot accept that you love your sister .
Not at all . its human nature .
Did it make you a better person ?
Depends on their pesonality , and what they look like , not to mention their voice .
Only if I get something in return .
Maybe the reason you realized you like him is because you just like seeing him happy .
Do you have to be somewhere else that quick ?
If somebody said that to me I  would be insulted .
I think you got wat i mean .
Okay I  will admit it . I want and need the points .
You love your sister in a brotherly way . if you want her that bad .
The problem is that I have the same question as you do ! ! !
If we did not count our ages we would not worry .
I say black mail would be awesome .
Jokeeee Just be sure you are single .
Totally depends on the Woman and where they actually are ! ! !
As long as you are both single and have open feelings for one another .
You just have to let her know your trust worthy .
YOU need to show me you are pic first .
Ya  will should date it seems like ya  will like eachother alot give it a shot
YOU ' r wearing the same hat as me .
She Is in high school wondering the same thing .
Why would a girl seem to be really into a guy ?
Then we went out to luch like we always did .
He is difrent but i would give him a chance .
I have fantasies , it helps me get off , use it that way .
Think back to when you was dating .
But marrying is not yet one of them .
If you are a pervert , get lost !
Should I say something , or just accept that not all guys are like this ?
I totally agree . if you r in love you are in love . DO IT !
Try to stay friends if possible .
I 'm sure , he 's probably just busy .
If so she is shallow .
Do Not DO ANY THING ASK ME TO DO EVERY THING LOL
Start small - pizza or a movie .
Just a random question that i 've been wondering about .
Depends on who you  are asking . For me its bad when 1 .
He might b d cure after all
Mr. know it all is dumb . sex is bad when the person has a disease , use condoms .
Ask questions about him carry on coversation because silence causes probs .
Do NOT try to lock him down and pretend that things are the way they used to be .
Love is something special n rare
Always take the good and forget the bad .
If this dude has hinted that he wants to leave her but cannot get out get out .
My man a fireman i do not ask much he cleans and washes clos and he cooks
You just said them . you still love him .
Turn ON - GIRLS THAT ARE INDEPENDANT AND TAKE WHAT THEY WANT .
Oh yeah and when the moment finally does arrive do n't go in the pool first .
You just want to hear people talk about it explicitly , ya sicko !
Plentyoffish.com is the best dating wesite
And It haunted her in High School .
I am not only beautiful , I am 1 in a million.Holla at me ! ! !
Back off from her , if its meant to be she will be back !
Actually if its blind then its not possible even after so many sights .
Show him a vidio of you having sex w/someone else
Good girls are friendly and alittle bit shy ( just a little bit )
Make it a fun game you can both play and you will both come out winners ! !
If your sister is just in the 6th grade then I think she 's too little to date .
Then ask him if he fantasize some one else while doing you ?
Hes my ex bf and left me but want me again .
I 've been in love with the same guy for 3 years .
I just do n't have any good excuse .
They are for sex more than men are
Can you imagine teaming for a project at work with your EX ? !
May be your best friends is trying to test you .
How about Maybe we 've made a mistake .
But i do not know you are situation .
Please if you find any Email them to me
In other words all these excuses are he does not like me , but just for play ?
I do n't think it matters what you look like on the outside .
And it 's true that love is blind .
When you ask her to be your fiance , that 's the line
That 's all I 'm sayin ' people back me up on this 1 ! !
And keep it up with some kind of regularity !
If he does not respond well then so what , you can find someone else
I do not live there , but i need to know what that area looks like .
Yet I do n't want to lose what I have .
Just perfectly understanding each other and communicating . ofcourse good sex is the most important factor ! !
You should thank god for that !
( if you push yourself on her you ` ll most likely run her off . )
Love is not blind . it sees but it does not mind . hehehe .
But believe me once you have him .
She is the one you are dating not your sister .
I 'm really great friends with this guy .
He might just get a kick out of being with an older woman .
Keep IN MIND NO ONE KNOWS THAT I AM GAY .
It is time that will heal your hurt , be strong and its going to be ok !
Your ANGER WILL LEAD NO WHERE . Hope I was able to help you .
So definitely do n't drive yourself nuts man .
Specialy if you guys break up and go seperate ways .
Leave them alone go find someone single how bout ' what is ment to be will be .
My husbands told me to move on .
My boyfriend ( hubby now ) was too shy to do it !
Sounds like heck of a mess .
If you are looking for casual dating , Yahoo Personals are pretty good .
You should be 18 or older
There is nothing else out there .
Nice to know i am a girl
If you  are a good guy , and she 's still this way , then I do n't know the answer .
Its time for you to move on and find a guy that deserves a person like you .
Then set an appointment with him !
You do n't like the mess , or is it a churchie thing ?
Have you ever cheated on her ?
Some say yes some tell me just half way beautiful
Lady AS A HOMEGIRL WHICH YOU AND I KNOW .
It was so hard to be just friend with him .
Just tell her are you feel .
This is a dumb ass question .
But i do n't know him look him up on mapquest that may help .
Get over him and move on .
Another 'line ' could just be to say something like 'man , I feel like coffee .
No really , no guy ever stopped talking to a girl because they did not want coffee .
Coz if you do then you will not be doing that to them . End of story .
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo !
: I am not a pessimist .
Be presentable as much as you can and do n't get lazy
Okay , first things first : Men do not pick up on signs .
I know i feel like hell after a night of drinking tequila
Look , this girl is probably really insecure , or she is just totally messed up .
I 've had this friend for like 5 years and i have had feelings for him for awhile now .
Not only is it ok to date other races . but it is ok to marry and have children .
Good luck and do n't play around with this .
If your not then do n't try to make it happen it will turn out wrong .
If ya got ta ask , you  are a ho .
Check out the clubs down at the Loop : )
Same here but you are lucky at least your friends
Call her now n tell her you love her !
4 ) if none of the girls decide to give you a 2nd chance , accept it .
Wat are you some sort of terrorist ?
Certainly do n't go to a hooker .
A nice kiss on the cheeks to say goodnite
If you are not like that , its your job to prove it : - )
But I hope it helps some .
At 25 weeks its pretty early , , , they are not doing much . but they are moving some . you will feel this
He 's just sweet and you want to have a back up !
He sounds like a jerk so get rid of him for good !
Coz he can and you let him do it . WHY ?
What age , how long into a realationship
Flirt , go on dates , hold hands .
Their body , a man always checks a woman body first and the rest comes later
If you do not know then you should figure it out elsewhere
But remember do not sneck out or lie that makes everything worst got it .
The BEST THING FOR YOU TO DO IS TO TELL HIM UPFRONT .
But seriously , how can i check my girl is virgin ?
It varies depending on the man , some are legs guys , some are breasts guys , some are booty guys .
What do you mean if is not that the way it works ? ? ?
Do you need something from him ?
YOU have to do foreplay it 's must .
Dress for the occasion and just go with the flow .
Of course , if you are like Socrates , you can get the best of both camps
( I know this will be hard ) BE objective .
If you really love him , you  will need to deal with it ( although hard . )
He makes me happy and he makes me miserable !
Guys are easy to figure out .
Anyway , it 's none of their business .
Can you go to a club or where ever and get numbers ?
Honey , YOU NEED SOME SERIOUS A.A .
Here are some tips to pick up a guy that are nearly guaranteed to work : 1 .
As far as I can tell .
! if yes ! then you have nothin 2 worry about .
My daughter is in 8th grade and she ca n't date .
And boys do n't get played by girls ?
Ask her if she is married .
Lol pray to God . in the bed . you will get a baby hahahahah
Just tell her it wrong and that you noticed that the preps do n't like her .
Because girls have diffrent feelings for boys .
What is your favorite thing for your girl to do ?
Golly jee whiz i hope you do n't mean incest .
I LOVE YOU AND WOULD N'T WANT NOTHING BAD HAPPENING TO YOU .
And do not try to have sex with her .
If ya give him what he wants then he  will be done with you before ya even noticed.good luck !
All the more reason i do not fall into any kind of relationship at work
What can he do about it without taking any medication ? ?
Just pick the one you l8ike best !
Do whatever she wants - whether you like it or not .
Wonder now why it 's hard for some men to trust women .
You would n't buy a car without first taking it for a test drive , would you ?
If you feel so bad , maybe it was the wrong choice ? ?
Needs to like cooking , even if she ca n't cook .
Make it confusing as hell for her so she figures out what we go through !
Can SOMEONE HELP ME HERE I BEEN ALONE LIKE 6 YEAR 'S IT REALLY FUCKING SUCKS TO LIVE ALONE HERE . ?
Because i am not willing without it and my boyfriend knos it .
Problem is , she has a girlfriend and she 's really kind so , I would n't try .
How do you know hes the right one ?
You quit staying online so long .
But i have been on it and then some and i find that reality is the best .
Sometimes but I like it romantically too .
! Good Luck in what ever decision you make .
If you do it together then it might not be a scary .
Other than the other ladies here i say it matters
I do not hang out with rude people or liars .
Hope i 'm that cool when i 'm old !
Take care , have fun and be happy .
No , he actually hates you now .
If you do n't like him , leave !
If ANYONE CAN HELP ME THAT WOULD BE VERY NICE IF SOMEONE CAN HELP ME HERE ?
The most importand thing is that you have one right name on you are list , 100 % right .
Hmm 15 -17 PROBABLY IF UVE BEEN WIT THE GUY FOR 2 WEEKS OR SOO OR MAYBE 1 WEEK
I wish i knew cuz i feel the same way
With friends like that , you sure do n't need enemies !
Hate myself for that but maybe if the guy she went with was actually worth her .
I knew who the right ones was because .
No , it all depends on how close you are to this person .
A sadist loves pain , a masicist loves to give pain
Ask HER WHY SHE DOES N'T HAVE SEX LIKE THAT WITH YOU .
If that reflects your age . let the fries go , and keep the shake ! !
If your younger it could be that , protectiveness
Is it really a big deal or something ?
Never been to florida , but try mapquest or a directory
If he does not want to break up then give him an ultimatum .
Take the words beginning from word 6 . ull know
Just do what your heart wants .
Yeah , some people including myself use it as motivation
I feel like i 'm ready for love .
No i would n't except it that is sick
I also believe in waiting til you  are married so you end up with someone special .
Never LEAVE A SITUATION EMPTY HANDED MAKE SURE IF YOU HAVE ROOM THEN BRING IT
Why must you dragged a lie out any further .
I would never have sex with some body i do n't love .
If you want to make someone love you then simply telling them that you like them wo n't do shi ! t .
And , why is it the best ?
Too late if he fell for the person you set him up
I do n't want this new guy to be a rebound guy , b/c i really like him .
That Is about all i will post here , sorry
Kiss her like its all you ever want to do because your love for her runs so deep .
Do things that make you happy and feel good inside .
Ask him if he wants to get coffee or something .
He will wonder what else is out there .
Baby , you  are my one and only , etc . ) .
You should feel ashamed and dirty !
Some people say i am sexy and others just say i am hott .
Or other wise GET OVER IT ! !
Yelling , screaming , name game , blaming is nothing when it comes to emotional abuse .
Its fun , it feels good , why stop something you  are having too much fun doing ? ? ?
Totally depends on the girls whether you deserve a 2nd chance .
YOU will know very soon how interesting these married men are !
If you are in a relationship with him then seem sad or something and he asks what is that matter ?
Do n't break up another couple so you can have a girl .
It is for my daughter if I ever have one !
For some guys , kids not their own is a bad thing , others do n't mind .
Oh my goodness this is so happening to me , right now .
Look just come out with IF YOU DO N'T ASK YOU DO N'T GET
Only you and eric know that .
You NEED TO TURN NOW TO ANY TYPE OF SUPPORT SYSTEM THAT YOU HAVE AND SEEK PROFESSIONAL COUNSELING NOW .
If you 've got the money , hell yeah , get it over with and good for you .
Why do n't YOU just get out of the house and meet someone .
If he loved you he would n't play a joke on you like that .
My friend tommi she loves her b/f .
Write me and i  will email a photo .
Live , love and be happy . and yea , have more kids ( , )
Let him/her get fed-up of annoying you while you just think as if nothing exist .
I think you ruined a good thing .
Now i do not know if that is true or not .
Where does the passion go after marriage ?
Like you  are going to get it !
Flirting with other women is not one of them .
But if that fails annoy them to the point that they do not want to annoy you anymore
Perhaps YOU could call and ask him what 's up ?
You could of told me in person . jeez !
Hey isn  t that what we all want a friend that we are in love with .
Go 4 it your in love and you wan na b with this person forever
Well if I was you I would had said F * * * K You and go ahead with my buniness .
( that goes for men and women )
Girl this is something that I want you to remember . Guys would LIE no matter what you do . Why ?
If you want my help we need to speak privately because it 's just too dangerous .
Woul  would that make the shallow coat like shield go away ?
Yes SEX is very important in marrage
If not she is just a girlfriend .
It 's a chemical reaction : ) and sometimes more than that .
I Am pretty sure they do if its not an absurd amount ( 5 ? )
Beacuse they are afraid that they may n't fullfill their commitment since they have so many burden i.e family , office , girlfriend , friends etc .
Just be careful though cos the other person might take it the wrong way and leave !
One unless you are a jack-ass
In my experience , NO . I wasted two more years of my life trying to stay married .
I ca n't say i have done it before but know people who did .
YOU have to touch it really gently .
YOU could do it in the shower .
Just tell him that you really like him . as a friend .
Say hey , _ i was just wondering what you think of me .
I say DON ` T GO FOR HIM !
She hated giving head , she said it hurt her jaw .
Try a few different things & see what works for the two of you !
If you rush into it , it 's just not as nice .
( do n't forget to be romantic and suave ! )
And it depends if they are really goth ( satan worshipping ) or if they are just posers and like the style .
Yes if it says and/or on the title !
Give him a chance because he is a different person .
As long as it 's fully covered when you wear your hat you should be ok . ; )
Wtf . i agree wit old man n just me . if he is only lookin lol . den dats not sexual abuse !
Your kids are going to look great
Take it from someone who has made that mistake already ! ! ! ! ! !
I guess that it 's my responsiblity once again .
No but i would with someone elses grandma ! !
Oh well , atleast they answered correctly !
Body language is sayin or expressing you are felling thru you are body movemnt instead of using you are mouth .
As long as you 've got a good personality your alright .
But it all happen when he/she confused whethr he loves you or not .
If its love what is to think about ?
Me i have 6 dogs i play for the lackland lightnings
She did to me what we are going to do to your fella .
Because that is how life is .
Or , if you ca n't do that , return the gifts and do not accept any more .
Worry less about her , and more about you .
So please help me out idont know whattod
I guess if you die . it was too much .
You might be a 'full steam ahead ! '
But if he says no fast without thinking that means he just wants to be friends
You need to go over and talk to them
Tell her or send her roses
The problem is i do not want to lost all of them !
Men cheat because women lie and make altimatums .
So you start sendin mixed messages too !
If you  are not with her , then do n't worry- chances are you think it 's love but it 's not .
So I started beating her @ $ $ !
Do Not you think he will want somebody else when you will become his gf ?
Think about that and you will realize you made the right choice .
That 's the best thing to do .
No , this is not true for everyone ! !
Sometimes there are happy ending and then again not .
Love is the best feeling yet sucks if it was n't meant for you !
You cannot get over someone that you still spend time with .
Do n't think about it , just do it !
Check FROM WHERE HE CALL LAST TIME
The ONLY WAY TO KNOW FOR SURE IS TO BE TOLD BY THE PERSON THEMSELVES .
When i asked her if this was good , she told me that she thinks so .
You should be asking your self what kind of person are you .
Have breakfast of her when you wake up .
Ya , , he would walk out with toilet paper , doughnuts , everything but what he was sent in there for !
Nope . i would look for the cure first
Yes anyone who says otherwise is just trying not to hurt someone 's feelings
And you must know her sensitive points of her body .
Use your pretty little mouth , that is the only time my ex would ever really give me a bj .
Its gross like some little girls thing .
I would n't have married him right away , though .
The guhs at my school love the blonde preppy bleh .
Marrige do not go by age as number you should know what marrige should be and why .
I do not know did he i think that would be very disappointing
You giving her something shows that you were thinking about her which is good .
The girl is a selfish brat lose her and find someone nice .
I guess it would have to be he would be more understanding .
Ya that would be a big NEGATIVE !
Same reason people do n't like being held accountable for there own actions !
You need to read the questions that have already been answered here to get an idea what to do
Lol Good for you for sticking to your guns !
If you are just friends then you will not worry about them becoming involved with someone else .
Never , ever , ever sh1t where you eat .
He says he wants to be with me , but why is n't he acting like it at all ?
A girl made me this way .
Well , tell them , Let them know .
You should talk to her about it
I think at the end it 's not importand how many boyfriends you made to add to you are list .
If yo you are in love it WILL be good.sex is bonus of love and marriage .
Take it easy and everything will fall in to place .
I am currently going out w/ some1 that is y i ask
And you can trust your partner !
Think of all the bad qualitys of him and imagine him being bad too you
No you should set him strait and continue
We should do the cheating thingy !
Its hard sometimes being apart and seeing you are own !
If you really like the guy then do not break up just because other girls are jealous .
Do n't go acting like all girls are like that : everyone has different personality .
But it does not seem like you redally need that .
I really liked him and knew the relationship would be over if I said no .
The 5 love languages , Chapman Smart Love , Phil McGraw after that it should be self explanitory .
People always talk about lovers being great friends and what not .
Do n't give your phone number and just say it was fun .
But the only person i was the be with is my boyfriend and we have what we call trust .
How they cross they legs , how they stand and walk .
Disgusted with you , but hope you get your life on track !
If you are sure about that it is so easy .
Before going out and just doing things like before .
I really liked this guy too .
Yes i want to chat any ladies
If you do n't know weather you r or not , then you r not .
Some guys want girl to talk dirty to them .
Not really , unless its way too big , then ouch !
Same reasons why men do the same.r not serious .
I have w/ my granda , grandma do n't smoke
But do not hang out with the wrong crowd .
I think that everything foreign is interesting to me .
But honestly you could give it all you 've got .
These are not so close boy and girl friends and meet only in college premises .
You ca n't force her to like you .
If you ever decide to leave him it will probably nearly like him .
I really want to help you .
Ladies think it is cute . Just DO N'T do it in front of their co-workers or friends .
Well its the opposite of good lol
No but i think i found a young , shallow , closed minded girl .
Or the man being a little to sad down there . ?
You should take charge- ask him yourself
How do you know his feelings are not mutual ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Look at it this way . you are gaining a son ! ! !
: ) We  are not boring . trust me .
Obviously , you do n't want to blow up on her .
Yes , especially if you know you love them .
Try to b frns with her 1st lor .
I CERTAINLY AGREE with jdd3636 on his answer ! !
Hallo , r you mad you have 2 choose one , n that , s if you know what love mean , s .
If you use sex to find love all you have is a fling .
If both of you are cheating you should not be together - you guys are looking for different things out there .
Of course you wo n't fall on first sight .
It 's like saying , Look at my butt-floss !
I 've been everywhere and i have meet alot of girls .
Girl you need to drop him . because he sounds like a trick .
Marriage is not something that you just do because you feel like it .
One of they is kind of iffy .
No one likes to hang out with rude people .
If it clicks and you two really want to do it , then why not .
If it 's mutual , all the better !
How do ask a girl to be my girlfriend ?
What about finding a cute chubby girl ?
My ex 's double ex does that , and she never flurts with him
If you sure about this information just get divorced
And by the way you know it better whether you like the guy or not .
You are little weird dude . you ask all this strange questions about 'family '
And she helped me throw a party .
What ever you do , do n't set him up to fail , accept him for the great things he does do
There Is still rooms you have n't open yet .
When he breaks up with the other girl you can have him .
Okay this is good one . Start with sharing fantasies .
If you  are trying to be subtle , then I recomend that you make it a 'no big deal ' thing .
Go out what could be worse
Because he does not want anymore conversation . WHY ?
Say you are sorry and hope he will not have been to humiliated
Depends on when he had the baby .
Not all guys are the same .
Then you say i am so stressed , can i kiss you ?
I do n't think so ( father of three )
The love to see them grow and know you as person !
The BEST THING TO DO IS TALK TO HER .
That 's like asking why are men assholes .
The bills , the kids , the jobs , blah , blah , etc .
Hmm . touch question . Why do not you send me a pic a lem me decide whether you are or not ? ?
Before you ask next time type you are question in search . this question is asked more than a 1000 times .
So maybe you should n't feel so bad at least until you talk to him .
Just leave your email loged on accidentally . and see what happens !
Do Not come back onto him too quickly , just make sure he knoes you are glad to be back with him .
Do you think i 'm boyfriend material .
Has your guy asked your dad yet ?
Sort of person , and you could be just as right with that approach as any other .
You just have to have enough balls !
Love is life love , and life would love back you so love all
Got ta go where the type of man you desire is .
# 2 - You  are in 8th grade ?
Hi i am 15 and i live in USA-TX how r you
It CAN BE DONE , BUT IT 'S HARD TO TRUST A CHEATTNG INDEVIDUAL , YOU MIGHT FORGIVE BUT YOU NEVER FORGET .
But i know they mostly are not all gay .
No human knows love , only god
And if he think about it .
If THE CAT IS OUT THE BAG LET HIM MAKE A MOVE .
Not sure but i guess it could mean a three-way : female-guy-female
No glove , no love . he got the point !
Dear what makes you think that married men r boring .
I know my guy like me to lick his nipples and penis .
I do n't want to go to the bar and hook up with some guy .
Skinny girls ycuk , you get that skinny girl taste in your mouth .
Not really . remember what they say . the fruits of patience are always rewarding !
I THINK YOU ARE JUST A SEXY BEAST
It 's already been said but I 'm going to say it again . No glove , no love .
Not any more than other people .
I am so sorry i wish i could help .
You say he 's giving her what you could n't .
Because you have some hot buns !
If your little sisters like my sister then she is a guy crazy middle-schooler !
If he does say thanks and you see he 's a nice one , then you got yourself a boyfriend .
If you r enjoying his love then continue untill you not caught some fresh fish like meeeeeeee .
Plus , you have to know that your daddy is just that , your daddy .
Its getting really out of hand , its affecting my schoolwork , but it wo n't go away
If you really love this lucky lady . KEEP IT REAL WITH YOURSELF !
Maybe HE HAS SOMEONE AND IT 'S NOT THE RIGHT TIME .
Because your as rare as the blue bearded tit mouse .
But I love her to much to hurt her .
Girls meet different kinds of guys - good/bad , handsome/ugly , etc .
Do n't worry . He  will get his chance to be happy with you , too , someday .
First you have to no you are gf like what type of guy .
He 's a jerk , YOU need to drop him like he 's hot .
If you give love you  will receive love .
Nah . ask him out . for coffee or lunch or something and talk to him .
Hey , just keep your options open .
There is a girl i like .
If its just on friendship level then No !
Well see if your with the right person .
There are tons of fish in the sea though .
My life is over if that is true ! !
Especially if they become involved with someone ?
Say you reserved a table for 2 then go to star bucks or whatever its called
I  would sign up there and browse for people in your area
I AGREE WITH YOU , PEOPLE LACK COMMITTMENT .
If you ugly , women wo n't give you any lovin ' .
Online dating with pictures . you get a backround and you know what they look like
But from what I 've heard is that girls like someone funny , caring & honest .
Who cares . all she will be known for is giving he * d to Clinton .
One girl at a time is the best bet .
Go back to him say sorry-offer to buy him 2 coffies
Just be a man about it and do n't ever kiss and tell .
So please i really need some advise on what to do ! ! !
If you think you are becoming a hoe then you are guilty of being one .
Ya . I am 200 yrs old . will this okie for you . lol
Well probably if your pretty cool yes well it depends what kind a guy is he
What it means is be careful who your friends are !
So you could fathe rhis children : )
I myself am a devout Christian , I do not have premarrital sex or even kiss .
Because i am a boy , believe me , we like something nice , espiacally on first dates and stuff like that .
Sure , if you are a Christian !
For me the hoter are the good ones because they has an altitude that a girl likes .
Your bf is stupid tell him you are bi but that you would never do anyting sense you are with him
If he said maybe . it 's not worth it ! !
The middle finger : for use when annoyed b . )
As long as she loves the woman . love can wait even if it takes forever .
The Asian culture is rich in . what the hell , look at it this way . a billion chinese people ca n't be wrong .
I just have bad luck when it comes to dating .
If you do n't want to have kids . stay single !
Even WITH all that , i have a hard time trusting ANYTHING she says .
How cac I find out my husbands voice mail code ?
Suppose it depends ! . it could be either she cannot get rid of you or she likes being stuck with you ! lol
There IS N'T A THING LIKE LESSER OR GREATER LOVE .
Because if no sex is involved then it 's not illegal , no matter what the age .
Forget and walk away he someone elses there are plenty unmarried fish in the sea
You Will see what you need and do not need and it makes it very easy !
Sure YOU CAN E-MAIL ME AT : martha95355 @ yahoo.com I can use some male advice too .
Forget the other guys for now .
And with the truck , he could pull her horse trailer !
He is too young to think straight .
And how would you marry her ? , if your a girl ? , but if you do , she  will cheat on you too .
The liberals do it everyday , why ca n't you too !
If it 's CRAP , then FLUSH it .
Well why did you break up with them ?
It depends . if you r losing it . you will b hurt . ( life is a love . love it )
Buy her a bracelette or something you know she has been needing or wanting .
I gave freedom to the person I love and , she did n't have to ask for it !
Why did the two of split ?
Or is it that she still gives you favors that you do n't want to let go of ?
We are always fighting and he never helps out with the baby or the house .
Ok here is a link where you can find some single chats . good luck !
Would say a long skirt or a nice pants outfit .
You are my pawn and i  will move you how and when i feel like it .
After we  are married , and no I would n't consider having sex with anyone else .
I Am really nice i have blond and brown hair i love dogs and soccer and i want a bf
Sex is great but tru love is out there .
I like chris brown but he is to young for me
I DO NOT THINK SO BUT I AM 15 MYSELF
Not your average joe is attractive to gay guys .
If they do not accept that they are just friends then I break up with them .
Dear , there 's no such thing as 'love ' at first sight .
Because she had a blonde boyfriend ! ! !
Run and tell all your friends to run .
You do n't , you ca n't , you move on and learn from your mistake . and not make it again
You HAVE NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT .
! . do what you r doing now , acting lyk an innocent . sorry missus , flirting is nature , its ugly wen nurtured
I still love my husband , but only the good not the bad .
I am a well endowed male and would not have it any other way , because women just dig it !
I agree with Rock Nate . follow your heart - if you truly love him , you will wait !
Yur ryt bout chris brown nd bout yur frend yoo shud e mail each oder
What is up with these guys ? ?
Honestly , at your age it might be tough .
Tell him you just wanted to bone .
Try TO HAVE A FIREND ALONG TO PROTECT YOUR FLIRTY ASSS
I say yes now are you still looking for someone special to marry ?
That has always worked for me
God , I know what you mean .
One man one woman one marriage.sex is not related to love do not make that mistake .
But do not fight or lie about it .
Pick the one you like best and think which one will not dump you soon ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I mean , people who just look at that kind of stuff are stupid anyway .
Do Not limit yourself to just one .
No man wants a wife who wo n't cook .
If you have such great sex why would you not want that again ?
Duck , John 6271 Sixtconcession North Augusta , ON K0G 1R0 ( 613 ) 926-1643
YOU consider yourself blind in things happening .
First of all you ca n't make a girl like you .
It is shorthand for a threesome . female guy female . lots of fun too
Personally I do not like it all bald .
Be patient we grow out of it and mature .
So you 've got ta decide right here and now .
A combination of it.Girls love a person w/ good heart n at the same tym w/ good looks .
I have no idea on what to get her !
If he 's THAT bad , and counseling is n't an option . just TELL him ! !
So i wish you the best of luck in you are life and you are other half
Put some anger behind your voice .
It is OK as long as she is n't a dude !
Sounds like you 've got a good chance .
Columbus did and he only sank 1 ship , right ?
Smile you have a lot to look forward to in life
Do you want to sleep with him ?
Or maybe some post-partum depression or worried about getting pregnant so soon after just having a baby .
Tell her YOU WAN NA GO OUT WITH ME ? ? ?
I spent 5,000 on my dress !
The one who makes you feel special , of course ! !
Wht can you do about it .
YOU could but wait and think about it
How MANY TIMES WILL THIS BE ASKED ? ! ? ! ? !
Yes it is importent in a relationship
First of all , think about the way you act with him .
Or a guy who paints his nails and drives a lexus ?
Are you being nice to her ?
Dude that is what I call LUST .
For religious resons . there are so many people that are not as strong as you are .
Now i 've never had this type of connection with another person like that .
Look it up in the dictionary !
I do n't know if you mean will I ever have an affair or will I ever get over it ?
Just to find what my girl friend thinks about me
Boys do it all the time , why not the other way around ?
She is going to get jealous of your mom ?
Simply you go to Usa so that you can get a Wife from USA
Love IS AN WARM FEELING INSIDE OF YOU ! ! !
It will effect on you are next sex session .
If I where you , I would n't play his little games .
Be yourself , DO N'T ask her how her day was . what if it stunk ?
From what i am guessing , you just want to talk to a girl ?
And I am not donating it !
Do n't try to make him into something he 's already not .
Watch the movie The Wedding Crashers and learn : )
Start with . what if I asked xxx to join us in bed ?
Of course the man that makes me special !
You cannot feel it at the moment .
He was jealous , needy , he would get mad if I talked to anyone .
Just chill with you are true friends and go shopping .
I startet to become jelous of this guy that she started to be with alot at work .
Can you tell me what would be you are dream girlfriend and her personality .
Should I just dump this girl ?
I do n't know why she would be so jealous of YOUR SISTER .
Well , i do not know about other guys , but its kind of nice to have a lady approach me ,
No way flaunt what uve got girl rub it in the other girls faces .
Does she love him or even like him for any reason ?
Ok , i dun care if i sound rude , you need to get this in you are brain .
He gave His life , what more could He give ?
I can tell you right now he is an ass hole !
; ) And NO I will NOT share her .
Because you will just have problems .
Children play that game . not the both of you .
You do n't know what type of person , but if you keep your personal info .
Well if i like the guy and it a romntice night any time
Y would you are bro get mad atchu ?
He dribbles . he shoots . he scores . 2 points .
I 've clambaked my bathroom w/ my grandma .
Wait if you guys are meant to end up together it  will happen
Do yourself a favor and WAIT !
The key thing on a man 's mind .
You love your daughter so give her your blessings ! ! !
Go when you do not have classes ,
Guys are just alot shyer these days .
Or maybe they like the style .
No matter what you are actual age is , admit what you have done is immature .
16 , i wish i would have waiting .
1st of all , do not kiss her if she has had a bad day .
Most young guys I know like dating older women .
C'mon ladies- does penis size really matter ?
Just relax and be nice ( duh )
Hmmm yea its true.if you do not mind . wan na kiss you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I want to say that you are a one of a kind .
I 'm sorry , i 'm only into lazy lovers and you do n't qualify !
I just resently lost my virgnity and i am 17 i waited that long to have sex .
When you find free time win some money then buy the books but do not miss out on your classes .
I dunt understand you are question man
Just say i just want to now ! Do you like me as a friend or something more ?
She  will find out in the long run just like i did .
I could not sleep and she said she loves me but she is so confused and she started to cry .
Hmmmmmmmmm I THINK YOU MIGHT BE GAY .
Even though you know that you need to .
That would probably make it all ok .
I think reaky yes , maybe he was busy , take it easy .
If she 's got bail money , she fine by me .
Do NOT tell her anything negative about your wife , EVER .
How do i get her to forgive me for this misdeed done ?
When you regret doing it after you are done .
B. listen to your heart : p c. listen to your hormones .
Just see her in person and tell herlook !
Is he alot older than you ?
Of corse it depends on what relation you r looking for .
Wear a sign that says Hi !
I do n't believe in playing games , I hate when guys do that to me .
( or w/e ) p.s gurl how old r you ?
Try to watch her to see what kind of things she likes to do , watch , talk about , eat , etc .
